Mike Sackton: sure.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, that reminds me before we like start start.
Mike Sackton: To turn up the music is very loud.
Timothy Sackton: yep i'm turning it done, thank you, that was that ah, a few mechanical stuff from the journal to take care of so.
Timothy Sackton: somebody's got to pay for all of the like you know, food and in travels and tolls and everything which comes to my.
Timothy Sackton: 30 about 50 gold.
-: For a good journey.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just as a reminder, because it always comes up that you get these little hints and tidbits of history and then you never do anything about them, but like you can write letters, you know people who.
Timothy Sackton: work at archives who you favors you have money if you ever do want to you know know stuff about something don't forget that you have resources.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's one of those kinds of advice from TIM, you can safely ignore just yep.
Timothy Sackton: Just totally.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should strategize about that a little bit we.
Mike Sackton: Get worn it through a magic.
Mike Sackton: mirror.
Do we really want.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like we only learn things from TV.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right like.
Timothy Sackton: can't read only DVD.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: turns out, can you make.
Timothy Sackton: A couple of dexterity checks to see how much woodworking you've learned over the course of the journey.
Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just took my REP seekers journal, to see if there's any like focused questions we might.
Timothy Sackton: Remind remind me or this was the story of the when I was going over the transcript that diamond vision.
Timothy Sackton: Someone said Oh, there must be more to that story.
Timothy Sackton: And, of course, there is like a historical event that happened right if a diamond was stolen Koch brothers for sure records that bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we should investigate that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean he's like a letter to are.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of this.
Timothy Sackton: is probably not you know relevant clockwise it's just.
Timothy Sackton: If you're ever curious you know there's the mirror gives you that.
Timothy Sackton: Part of stories, but it never gives you the whole story.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we do have to remember like you know as we become more powerful like this is the thing where it's like oh yeah we've got this like team of like researchers that can just like find this ship oh yeah you got that likes.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: You navigated go very into like this position of.
Timothy Sackton: authority and that well.
Timothy Sackton: As additional actual authority, as opposed to figure out are the dark as right like.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you're getting there, I would say you're not you're not proficient enough to probably that you want to start working on the staff quite yet, but you are good enough to practice on your own and prove without a teacher anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, I mean what i'm doing now is my main projects that i'm working with them seeker on our chest, so I.
Timothy Sackton: guess right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would install and test set.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should come up with a theme for the test set it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: stone, you know, like poison Trolls or like mentors or something.
-: US versus unions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, the wood wouldn't want to just humans yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the stone ones are all women's or something.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Can I.
Timothy Sackton: Think I got.
-: journey also nice thing about this after to spend some time training.
-: baxter for studying from mount.
-: I got the other thing I want to go back to try again is befriending this obsidian fly, who I feel like it's just misunderstood.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a giant fly with a heart of.
Timothy Sackton: It gave me an animal check for for anyone handling check for.
Timothy Sackton: For pullbacks there that's not great.
Kate: it's a fly following us around.
Kate: Your travels with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fly is trapped in a.
-: Little obsidian statue of.
Eric Rosenbaum: fly that turns of that is.
-: Just a.
-: horse fly the size of a horse.
-: When you say it's command work but it attacks anyone except Augusta.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, can we just exchange that for a horse the size of the fly i'll go ahead.
You.
Timothy Sackton: You aren't going to need a little bit more working with baxter to get this steady as well.
Timothy Sackton: moving down i'm.
Kate: Speaking of right.
and
Timothy Sackton: yeah, what is your approach for trying to present this fly.
-: So i'm gonna do this away from other people so there's limited collateral damage.
-: But like to find some carrion or like tracked out like find a carcass that's been dead, a few days or something.
-: And then take the fly out and, and this is like a This is like an all positive reinforcement approach of like I got you this fly you know enjoy like not even trying to write it or anything just trying to get it to be friendly to start with, and then we'll work on the rest of it after.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm gonna say make and.
Timothy Sackton: arcana check.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: This land animal handling check.
Kate: Your arcane knowledge of carrion is.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah you're so here's what happens as you do this.
Timothy Sackton: You are able to.
Timothy Sackton: You are able to interact you're able to you know.
Timothy Sackton: Some of that.
Timothy Sackton: With the command word and then now remember you can only send them once every two days you've only got a few shots of so you've got you know, maybe four shots of this over the course of the journey.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You know it you're able to.
Timothy Sackton: you're able to distract it enough with food and sort of the way you are, you know you're very skilled at interacting with.
Timothy Sackton: And so you're able to get it to.
Timothy Sackton: not immediately attack you.
Timothy Sackton: And you know.
Timothy Sackton: Go for the food or go for whatever you are used to try and pull it, you know, try and distract it and.
Timothy Sackton: If you get the sense that it.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: you're making some headway in the sense that it starts to regard you as a source of food, but not yet there's something.
Timothy Sackton: you're not making progress, the way you would expect, training and animal right like it.
Timothy Sackton: As soon as it's done eating it still turns on you and you have to.
Timothy Sackton: Put it away.
-: i'm thinking like after like the second or third time of this maybe i'll i'll sit down like with with seeker and or deal with or or everyone and just kind of like.
-: We have this problem out like i'm doing everything right with this giant fly and like I know this giant five like it it's it's it's a good fly but it it just something I can't get through to it it's it's like it's not treating me like a regular animals there's something.
-: going on in.
Mike Sackton: memory, could it be like recreate it each time Can I make an icon a check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Do I have where's my where's my money I haven't watched 20 hold on sorry, on top of everything else, this week we have three major crises that work.
Mike Sackton: So i'm still like answering somebody's chat somebody still working I tried to fix something and i'm like trying to not completely ignore him because I always feel bad when they make other people work and say, well, no i'm busy sorry i'm not going to work, but you should say.
Mike Sackton: It work because you know.
Mike Sackton: i'm your boss, and your the worker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So when reader.
Mike Sackton: Peter leadership, but I feel like I have to respond to their questions, yes.
Mike Sackton: where'd my character sheet go are kinda.
Mike Sackton: I was a crappy role.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's lots of things that could be going on and.
Timothy Sackton: magical creature like this it's.
Timothy Sackton: You know even all of you kind of sitting around talking about this like that there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's a lot of possibilities and it's a little bit hard to guess like it could be, it could be a new creature time you don't even know if it's really the same creature being created, it could be.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know.
Mike Sackton: Like painted swing.
Mike Sackton: Does it stay painted.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: It also doesn't mean when when it was.
Mike Sackton: It came back on injured after we.
Timothy Sackton: shoot up by a giant yeah worm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Timothy Sackton: turn back just don't it didn't come back partially consumed and.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's almost like the obsidian object is the essence of all.
Eric Rosenbaum: flies or the spirit of the fly, as opposed to a particular fly.
-: well.
-: I mean.
-: It makes me think of the mirror and how to do some time to figure out all the different.
-: commands like.
-: Is there any way to figure out if there's some command word on this we just don't know yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: This triggers a deep dive in secret, who is very interested in investigating command word operations on different effects.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, there is no.
Timothy Sackton: Secret can make an archive of check for this actually.
Kate: expose it doesn't count as a humanoid being a giant.
Timothy Sackton: No, it does not count.
Timothy Sackton: So there is nothing carved or written or otherwise marked on this, the obsidian objects that would make you think that there is command words and it's not like the mirror it doesn't have.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like a specific word you say it's just you sort of.
Timothy Sackton: think you sort of will it into being and it converts right it's not it doesn't seem to be a.
Timothy Sackton: coded set of operations, the way say the mirror and, but of course you can think of many other.
Timothy Sackton: lore from your research, where many magic items do work this way where there are.
Timothy Sackton: command where answer, there are particular rooms and there's.
Timothy Sackton: So of course it's entirely possible that there are.
Timothy Sackton: Other ways other things you could do as you summon it, but just think appear.
Timothy Sackton: That would have other there's no obvious information and.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's no nothing obvious about the.
-: test with the 27 are kind of do you know.
-: If we killed, it would it be permanently gone or would it revert to fly status.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great question.
Timothy Sackton: you're so you have secret has read about these about sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Other creations, like us, and the usual story is that they cannot be killed they they can be destroyed it's in their inanimate form, but the intimate forms cannot if they die, they just revert to whatever.
Timothy Sackton: So the only way to destroy it would be to crush the obsidian you can't kill the living thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: How largest incident.
Timothy Sackton: representation small it's like fits in the palm of your hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am i'd lay toss it in the air, making sure that it flips over the way that the because that was how we activated the coin.
Eric Rosenbaum: flipping it in the.
Eric Rosenbaum: hold it and think about what.
Eric Rosenbaum: One other thing might want to do with the fly I try swatting it.
Eric Rosenbaum: wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Things pretty a nurse.
-: wacky idea that maybe it only serve someone whose power respect so if there's time enough for one more before we get to dharma i'm going to summon it until it's a handedly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What.
-: You have to fight it to summon the fly, and then to have single handedly.
Timothy Sackton: I guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like in one smooth motion the statue drawing.
yeah.
Kate: yeah that's it I don't respect will be his desire to kill the fly, but is there anything you can learn from identify some.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's I mean you learn how to.
Timothy Sackton: How to activate it and what it does from identify.
Timothy Sackton: Right that's hot that's seeker originally used his goggles to identify to cast the devil fire on it to to learn that it could be turned into a.
Timothy Sackton: And how to like.
Timothy Sackton: You know the.
Kate: accident.
Timothy Sackton: Thought you need to take in order to but there's no additional information about the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Additional complicated enchantments of.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever else is affecting it from a goddess.
Timothy Sackton: You know, work on it, or something.
Timothy Sackton: You don't learn anything else about that from identified.
Timothy Sackton: it's not trivial for you to kill, but of course it's not it's you're much stronger than it so.
Timothy Sackton: You you do, and of course you can always just rest right after so.
Timothy Sackton: You do manage to kill it.
Timothy Sackton: It takes you know for solid blows basically.
Timothy Sackton: reverse this down.
Timothy Sackton: When it's when you kill it.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, it doesn't seem to have any.
Timothy Sackton: effect on it's.
Kate: At least it doesn't hold a grudge either.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
-: Okay i'm done with that thanks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are like this effort, those words, I think we adding adding a flying mounts will be strong.
yeah.
-: Much like we need to do, like a like a clean reinstall.
-: The operating system right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the fly.
-: yeah like there's some like setting that we can't get access to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe we just need to build the right harness for it to wear that like blinders on a horse, you know.
-: That was an interesting idea.
Kate: multifaceted fly blinders.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's the thing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah compound eyes right so.
Timothy Sackton: Yet blinders are a bit tricky.
-: Well there's like the robot cockroach thing.
-: to know about this, where they put electrodes into the cockroach brain to make it feel like one or the other of the antenna we're getting tickled.
Eric Rosenbaum: private groups.
-: That were like.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's kind of what a bridle and a horse does.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: But the real question is.
Eric Rosenbaum: anatomical thing on a Friday.
Mike Sackton: Probably if we put.
Mike Sackton: electrodes brain they're going to just disappear when it goes back into the.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's why I mean a harness that you just put on each time it's enough to.
Mike Sackton: Right you'll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably the answer is to use minor illusion to create a tiny.
Eric Rosenbaum: simulated like virtual fly world in front of its face the news have something that looks like what the fly wants to.
Mike Sackton: Over in this direction, the.
Mike Sackton: Other thing is maybe we.
Mike Sackton: We could consider not spending the whole session trying to solve.
Mike Sackton: The puzzle before.
Mike Sackton: crazy idea I.
Mike Sackton: mean.
I mean.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we.
Eric Rosenbaum: What we have a masters of science.
class.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels like something worthy of at least three or four hours of inquiry.
Timothy Sackton: i'm adding this i'd even assign a.
Timothy Sackton: Minor read before the session starts.
Timothy Sackton: I think, which do you want to do, though.
Timothy Sackton: Is it the same thing.
Kate: They definitely would have reached out to contact myself or by sending while we were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also got yeah.
Kate: cabling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually doing.
Timothy Sackton: So when when how many days after.
A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: marcella was trying to escape the.
Mike Sackton: The try it out yeah.
-: I think I think it's got to be at least a week or more right because her plan was to escape when they got all the way back to the.
-: The which we call it to them or any yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yep.
-: Which is how.
-: Do we have a sense of Hello.
Mike Sackton: I think we should reach out to her, the day before we get back.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that's going to be where you were that's 200 ish miles.
Timothy Sackton: So almost it's almost equidistant between DARPA and and the Miranda gap or are roughly equal distance from the COP Rentals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am into the idea of doing two touches before DARPA.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, just just a little a little extra data because, like again it's like we could be getting good information for her, but also the the danger of becoming a double agent is also you know a thing right.
Timothy Sackton: And also remember that.
Timothy Sackton: Sending works by the recipient speaking, a message out loud.
Kate: My first message I don't know if she has worked with sending before, so I was just gonna say risk when here checking on your progress towards independence and some bara traveling alone, yet reply by speaking aloud if not safe to speak now just cough right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's good.
Timothy Sackton: that's good.
Eric Rosenbaum: very smart I like it.
Timothy Sackton: um so when do you want to send back.
Kate: So it's framed to be like maybe you've gotten away, but that wouldn't be true until possibly the day before DARPA.
Kate: So right I changed the message it was going to be earlier.
Kate: So I think it's just just send that message today before we get to DARPA that.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah I think that, I mean I think that's fine I don't know kensal if you want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to what.
Mike Sackton: send it suggests a message to send sooner than the day before we get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what about the message that could just set or that rather than just said, but doing that you know, a weekend and then see what happens and then based on that we can craft another one.
Mike Sackton: yeah just she probably won't be.
Mike Sackton: escaping me right.
-: Because her plan was not to escape till they got there and fight cools.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh of.
Mike Sackton: Early method he's almost certainly still with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: diet well, maybe we can ask her for intention is to leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or if or if ever, or if anything has changed.
Mike Sackton: If she still feels like she'll be able to carry out the plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah exactly like just do you still feel like you can carry out the plan and get it.
Mike Sackton: off once for yes and twice for now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah exactly.
Kate: A lot of words.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to identify yourself, because that is automatic from the spouse.
Okay helpful.
Kate: um.
Timothy Sackton: and realistically like.
Timothy Sackton: you're not fighting anything you have what three third level spell slots.
Kate: You can.
Timothy Sackton: You can always send two of them, if you need a few extra work, so you don't have to like.
Timothy Sackton: Like we can just switch the message to be what.
Timothy Sackton: While be sad without having to exactly recalculate.
Kate: Later, and counting game.
Kate: Right used to have so much fun with the word counting game.
Timothy Sackton: No it's it's it is.
But.
Timothy Sackton: it's fine in this case I just yeah it's not worth the time.
Kate: Yes, let's speak to them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but it is important, so this is you're going to send this a week after.
Mike Sackton: Well, how long does it take wait what's the timeline for getting to darby two weeks.
Timothy Sackton: it's about two weeks.
Mike Sackton: Okay yeah so a week after makes sense right and though that's kind of what you were thinking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just a second make sure she's still on track for the plan.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this would be like you know just about when you read rejoined the trade room so when you're awake right about there.
Timothy Sackton: um you and expect them to be somewhere near sagar at this point.
Timothy Sackton: And what time of day or night, are you sending this message at.
Kate: Or the morning, maybe would be a time when they when obviously got a yet I don't know what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other early morning or late at night, like after dinner.
-: Like potentially mid morning like if she's writing a scope for the rest of the group once they're on the road.
-: I don't know.
-: That doesn't help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Either yeah, the response is just talking back like really anytime.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's not overthink it, I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah new.
one.
Mike Sackton: morning whatever.
Kate: morning yeah.
Kate: But it's also great with each other, as we switch over and over again.
Kate: In this big in this big message to.
Kate: The question of.
Kate: I just want to sort of encourage like not just say, are you planning to stick to the plan, but sort of put it in like phrase it in like.
Kate: Your progress towards independence sort of way like I crafted that phrase to be like you know remind ya.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it is it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is your progress towards independence, you know proceeding well.
Kate: I mean she's.
Kate: But she's not going to have made any progress really now it's just sort of about her resolve.
Kate: Right, this is right, this is.
Kate: kind of like your address.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: that's kind of like progress, I get what I get I get I get that goal.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, so what time is it.
Kate: made morning.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Can somebody just rolling before hey can you all before.
Kate: I can really do for.
Kate: one.
Timothy Sackton: And so it was cough can you talk coffee once for yes.
Kate: Well, my.
Kate: name was just she could just reply if she could.
Mike Sackton: Talk yeah.
Kate: He didn't reply off.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was that a reply was that for coughs what does that mean.
Kate: She couldn't talk in the middle of the morning.
Kate: It was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Literally reply to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many causes that.
Kate: Do I think.
Kate: I just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: copied me she can't talk.
Timothy Sackton: yeah a message with just cough if you can't reply.
Kate: But she knows that I may return again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now, and then you reach out again right when we're getting we actually are getting close to the.
Timothy Sackton: day before you arrive at DARPA right.
Kate: A week later.
Timothy Sackton: About yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And what are you when and what are you saying I must message.
Kate: it's time we'll try late at night, just in case it helps not too late, like okay she's asleep.
Kate: But then it's more like my original.
Kate: message like checking on your progress towards somebody are you traveling alone yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay we're all a whole nother day for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are the roles mean TIM what's good and what's bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you tell us, so we just know whether we're doing well or bad.
Kate: For.
Timothy Sackton: She you hear marcellus voice whispering back to you.
Timothy Sackton: On watch.
Timothy Sackton: raining cobalt Blair tomorrow morning.
Timothy Sackton: to flee in the chaos of battle.
Timothy Sackton: Heading east.
Timothy Sackton: speak in a few days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else on the journey.
Mike Sackton: think so.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One one thing I just uh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah kenza for for all of the bandits that died, the destitute done Mari that died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo tries to you know write down, you know, a story for everyone that you remembers anything, even if it's, just like the smallest, like most casual thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hill hill hill do that and then we'll also work like as like a little in project off like a little like you know, making a little a little band of that like crappy bandits with is you know, trying to remember it.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker as an ongoing project that he's not ready to share with the group yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's so cute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: adorable.
Eric Rosenbaum: work in progress, filling notebooks and things.
Timothy Sackton: are getting okay so as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: In the late afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: The sun creeping towards the vast expanse of them never see to the West, you can.
Timothy Sackton: See or imagine the layers of history that sit on the land here so as you walk you're traveling along the raw rise of the land north of the river.
Timothy Sackton: So above where it sort of slopes down to a river valley in the land here is lush and green and full of life and.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the ancient for us that's when spread across done ma are gone, you can see echoes here and the trees, of the River valley of the hyperion valley along the river floor and the occasional standard for us nestled among the gentle hills on both sides of the river.
Timothy Sackton: This is, you know, especially in the past few days, as you as you've descended down from the foothills of the rocky mountains towards this coastal claim, this is the most.
Timothy Sackton: trees you've seen in a long time, and while most of the forest here is managed for timber, which is obvious from the.
Timothy Sackton: lumber barges that pass along the river and the water driven saw males that are you know occasionally pass and little small wares and diversions along the ancient road you can still feel a hint of this.
Timothy Sackton: Have a land used to be here this, this is not this this land has been here for for a long time, this is not, you have to go further south to get to the new land that rose up out of the ocean when the plateau have been done my desert and then you bought the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: you're traveling along and all drink Korean road, which of course has its own layer of history.
Timothy Sackton: And what is now done more was once a small trading post in fortification at the mouth of a little known or cared about river a way station on the way to the coast of the animal Bay to the north of backwater really marked only by the fort and then eventually the road.
Timothy Sackton: While there's very little, if anything left of this train Korean settlement, now that for itself still stands and that shining white walls and towers of the four loom over the city of DARPA perched on a hill above the harbor.
Timothy Sackton: And the road still passes through the ancient iron gates of the outer walls during Korean construction when not destroyed by war or disaster seems to last for a very long time.
Timothy Sackton: The city itself now a bustling hub of commerce and trade is newer most of it constructed really in the two centuries, since the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: The oldest part of the city is the docks and the.
Timothy Sackton: shipyards and and.
Timothy Sackton: peers in the estuary of the route on that sits just south of the city itself, which was extensively developed during the lorean occupation so Maria is the islands to the.
Timothy Sackton: West.
Timothy Sackton: And they had conquered darby for some time, just after the great war.
Timothy Sackton: still retains the aerie feel the sort of openness and serpentine arches characteristic of a lorean architecture.
Timothy Sackton: The largest done Mari building highly decorated almost ostentatious temple just north of the drink during and four is the biggest building by far that looms over the skyline of the city and it dates to soon after the dream Korean conquest DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: Showing off the might of the gods and monumental fashion.
Timothy Sackton: So that building might be 180 years old, or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: But what striking about most of Darbar as you begin to approach the gates, and in a moment, you can say how you, you know, are you being obvious or incognito.
Timothy Sackton: As how new it seems and there's even a number of buildings under construction now.
Timothy Sackton: does not like Tokyo, which is a old static city, this is a much more dynamic city and, for example, of a large central market expanded twice already from its origins in the 1640s it's now being added to once more by Durban mason's glass blowers ironworkers and you can see the.
Timothy Sackton: You know, in the distance across the city, the small silhouettes of of corbin mason's finishing their work up on scaffolding, as the sunsets.
Timothy Sackton: Even the damn money lorean slums on the South bank of the route on across from the.
Timothy Sackton: harbor itself are full of new construction i'll bring it mostly ramshackle houses would straw and record the docks crowd in the small boats.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach the city.
Timothy Sackton: Unlike anything most of you have seen for quite some time since.
Timothy Sackton: You know at least since for well be at least since leaving some bar.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Timothy Sackton: Enzo since leaving chart and.
Timothy Sackton: there's you know a lot more traffic on the road there's people coming and going the gates didn't open nobody's you know there's no tolls or fees, at least to enter the city.
Timothy Sackton: there's no.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem to be much in the way of.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's a handful of guard standing just kind of watching people go by, but the gates don't seem to be shut much if ever, and you see a much more mixed crowd not just done Mari not even just doors and half feelings, but lizard folk.
Timothy Sackton: Charges chardon ian's Lawrence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lawrence.
Timothy Sackton: So this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This does the word island thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we know that.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean mostly by draft.
Timothy Sackton: Be.
Timothy Sackton: The so those this this these islands have recently been conquered by chart and.
Timothy Sackton: They were formal they formally used to be a major sort of source of piracy, so a lot of the sea trade charting invaded because it was they were causing problems for the sea trade between chart and and done Mara as well as point south.
Timothy Sackton: But they're a very much a seafaring culture.
Timothy Sackton: And island culture really sort of.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I guess, none of you probably know, a ton about the warrior, but a lot of the people who settled there were refugees from the Great War who fled from destruction, not just in.
Timothy Sackton: Not just in done mar but.
Timothy Sackton: You know the whole.
Timothy Sackton: area I mean chart in itself never fell, but there was battles.
Timothy Sackton: You know, stretching hobgoblin army is during the blood years came got it very close to Charter and many people fled Charter and from.
Timothy Sackton: The points around a lot of a lot of kingdoms were just completely wiped off the face of the earth and a lot of those people ended up in a warrior.
Timothy Sackton: that's very much a kind of.
Timothy Sackton: it's not it's not like it's not like done mar doesn't have 1000 years of history behind that or even like charter it's not a place that sees itself as the air to empire anything it's basically just people trying to survive.
admitted.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's never been a question.
Eric Rosenbaum: How um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello profile, should we try to keep here in darby are we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I must feel like maybe we should do a quick like red con of like the conversation we had right before we showed up at the gates for like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gift yeah now do X y&z.
Nice so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think we should do upon arrival.
-: Question next, and I feel i'm sorry go ahead and send.
Kate: It to her to his contact.
Timothy Sackton: or doesn't have any specific contacts here he's just planning on hiring a ship.
Timothy Sackton: South and I.
Eric Rosenbaum: will make sure he gets to the port.
yeah.
-: I was gonna say this isn't about the plan for what we need to do, but.
-: I think in a city like this we're conspicuous together but we're not especially conspicuous apart from each other.
-: yeah dwarves and half links and.
-: academics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were honestly not that conspicuous together, either here.
-: No, but people who are looking will be looking for this constellation.
-: Ah we're an unusual group.
-: together.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the trinian's that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We ran afoul of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Women know are not here, but they have friends and lots of places.
-: When we think was here was a powerful magic user and may well have sending.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly so.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could be hunted even though.
Mike Sackton: we're planning on leaving DARPA for north of charted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You haven't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really discussed yet where we're going after garber.
Mike Sackton: I thought we all great to go find the people in the woods, who were surprised.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I mean yeah, I would like that that'd be fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like the idea of finding some transportation North and seeing what happens.
Mike Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we going to try to it shouldn't be look for the cloak a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah better major.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does one go about that, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, this would have been the red con research that we would have done with our archivists to ask about you know locations of the cloak any leads any information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because we do have coming from toe keira like the the messages from the that like hey these people are cool messages right we've got some letters with us right.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate: largely relating to getting Joe hardship tonight higher right.
Timothy Sackton: You also have a letter.
From.
Timothy Sackton: A lawyer that hi kayla.
Timothy Sackton: that's yeah we like these are good people you know just to kind of letter of introduction that might get you an audience with whoever the high priest here as that sort of thing.
-: Is there.
-: Something.
Timothy Sackton: No there's no monastery here.
Eric Rosenbaum: more of a secular city.
Mike Sackton: The reason I was asking about where we're going as I was wondering if there's if we're better off.
Mike Sackton: Trying to lose people when we leave town, not when we come into town.
Mike Sackton: Because we really get to never be detected while we're in town, maybe we try to slip away.
Mike Sackton: Out of time without people realising we've even left top left for noisy and not right, why I don't know if that would work but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're gonna try to board a ship so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, we should first fair what we're doing in town and then we can figure out like do to further to achieve that goal is it better to come in a little stuff the year I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think like one Meta goal has always been the cloak right stuff though I think it would have been prudent for us to have done a little research to figure out like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any any leads that we could find about this thing, otherwise we would literally just be showing up in town being like anybody seen a cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: US you know management.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems impossible to crush has to.
cloak.
Mike Sackton: We can I mean I thought we're going to follow up on where we're going to ask around for several right.
Mike Sackton: see if we can find anything about this guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: or this.
Mike Sackton: Service services, the guy who was hunting but quote.
Mike Sackton: Right to follow the chart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how about this, how about we asked what's the who's the archivist friend again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go ahead go.
Timothy Sackton: ICO very i'm not sure about red kind of all the way back to grab.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ya know this kid know this would be a letter letter this is this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is using your your whole mail system thing, so we can send word and be like hey you know, can you can you send siddharth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Send send for us, like any information that you have either about possible whereabouts of the cloak and or possible whereabouts are any information about service, and is there, somebody at in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there, like a goby or equivalent in Darbar like is there an archive here with a similar person that we trust that we can get into I think those three things are fairly reasonable and, hopefully, they can appear at the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be some of the main indaba that we were probably headed to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That we know about them advance right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's actually something to discuss who we might stay with safely like is there a clan of dwarves.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we could exactly or trust in or.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah so I mean Okay, so you would you know, especially because you know dealt with was asking about about Darbar on your sort of trip right there's.
Timothy Sackton: You know DARPA has a lot more ins and taverns then a.
Timothy Sackton: Like Tokyo there's almost nowhere to stay in Tokyo, but darvas you know pretty there's a lot of travelers a lot of merchants, a lot of people come in, there is a.
Timothy Sackton: Large.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a couple large dunmurry style caravan Sir I type places outside the walls and one just inside the walls and the sort of the old.
Timothy Sackton: city green.
Timothy Sackton: Really i'll say there's basically there's two main ones one outside the walls and one was um So if you wanted to stay in like a done Mari style place those would both be options, you would know about in advance.
Timothy Sackton: There is a substantial work and quarter i'm much more.
Timothy Sackton: Much more you know built up and architecturally distinctive and sort of our real.
Timothy Sackton: major part of the city, then in Tokyo, where the doors and corridor it's really just about six buildings where words happened to them they're surely Torben in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But do non dwarves stay at urban's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean rarely by themselves, but if a dwarf is yeah it's not unheard of, especially if you're traveling with dwarves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your liquid to be to tell for the bed, but otherwise.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the rooms might be sort of uncomfortable but.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Timothy Sackton: They probably have a few like you know big people from this right, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: pull out a trend or bad that's like twice the size of a Durban bed.
Mike Sackton: What what's the events just staying with the dwarfs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my my thinking was that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We find someplace more in the informal.
Eric Rosenbaum: way of hospitality.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just to prevent those ways of.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know people getting at us that are all too easy within.
Timothy Sackton: So that, in addition to the Durban quarter there's plenty of there's taverns around the market, the big central market area there's taverns in the docks and then they're surely places to stay in the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know that the area of the city outside the walls across the river that's much more.
Timothy Sackton: You know kind of slums, but also the sort of non.
Timothy Sackton: The Non done Mari non chart of humans tend to live there as well, right so mostly Koreans, but also whatever other random people have made it to the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry that's outside the walls.
Timothy Sackton: that's outside the walls yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the lizard folk hostile would be sort of more.
Timothy Sackton: In that were yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: breakfast at the lizard folk hostile is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not not palatable for most people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it Okay, for us to get some information about the cloak and severus a severus like son to said they had to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And is there, like a similar archive and DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: they're like, no, no, yes, so.
Timothy Sackton: This year, it also know there's not like a library and DARPA there are you know there's booksellers there's antiquities dealers there's a lively commercial sector but there's no.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably, that you know the.
Timothy Sackton: temple must have a small library, but certainly there's no substantial there's nothing substantial like the archives.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the university.
Timothy Sackton: Know university.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know this, like a study of commerce, like what the hell, what is this place.
For.
Timothy Sackton: It support.
Timothy Sackton: it's the only done Mari port and it is a major trading hub, more than anything else it's the it's the main city in Denmark, that is handles foreign trade so there's like a big currency exchange those you know there's.
Timothy Sackton: lots of money flowing in and out the trade but not it's not a.
Timothy Sackton: No, no real archives or university or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers definitely gonna talk to the Durban masonry Guild or anybody else that might know about.
Eric Rosenbaum: drink Korean historical information so people that could show him around the.
Eric Rosenbaum: existing structures.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we're going to be better placed being well known and famous to get information than trying to be hidden.
Mike Sackton: Like are we going to do better, having people me feel presumably some stories of us have already would already have spread.
Mike Sackton: Like when we shut up and talk right it wasn't like nobody had heard of.
us.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the contrary yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right I don't know I feel like like now we're we're sort of like the targets of char doing in like you know headhunters and shit like that, like actual powerful people that know that we have drank Korean items and like.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know you're gonna find us.
-: Right.
Mike Sackton: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be paranoid yeah I feel like I feel like the likelihood that somebody's going to come and like steal our shit again is like very fucking high now yeah.
-: So we we learned that the side of the open scroll like changes people or twist them into service or something like that.
-: yeah makes me think it it's it's less likely that.
-: The party, we ran into before we're just a couple of bad apples and more likely that like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an important point well the.
Mike Sackton: Do you think we're gonna succeed at being cut, need I mean if our plan was to sneak into town and and find past quietly find past jenna boat and then get out of town, we might succeed, but are we really going to stay incognito if we're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Being tourists yeah.
Mike Sackton: tromping around asking questions about severus and showing our letters to the done Mari leadership and trying to get access to this that the other thing by saying we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Showing letters to Denmark leadership is different than you know full on announcing in like the you know middle of an in like the heroes of talk right here, or whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, like, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, they can.
Eric Rosenbaum: do want to avoid that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we can still be discreet in our questioning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to learn what we try to learn a week I don't see what advantage, we get by it by being there's plenty of disadvantage of drawing you know more more you know stronger people that want to kill us and let us know that we're here I don't know.
Kate: If we're gonna be here for six days, and the first two days we don't have anyone tried to kill us, and then there.
Kate: Are.
Kate: Our cover fails we've at least had to fewer days of.
Stress.
Mike Sackton: I just think we're going to find it hard to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a city of how many thousand people it's like.
Probably you.
Timothy Sackton: Know probably you know 810 thousand I mean this is a toker is like 1000 people right, this is a big city by dunmurry standards but it's not a huge city by the standards of.
Mike Sackton: Is it, I mean have we seen any traffic on the road.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, the road joins the other.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a pretty easy place for like a half laying a couple doors and a couple of humans humanoids to like stay, you know they're there let's look there's it's a very cosmopolitan city right it's like the biggest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: city we've been to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're not going to be in so we don't stand out right like we're pretty normal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right TIM.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean you certainly don't.
Timothy Sackton: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you shouldn't like to keep us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On so that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that we're not it's not obviously themselves, but other than that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
Timothy Sackton: The five of you to gather my.
Timothy Sackton: or six of you with Joe Hart right like you know it's a little bit, it would be a little bit unusual to see I mean you certainly see humans traveling with.
Timothy Sackton: You it's not like humans and happenings and dwarves never traveled together, but like auction, it will be, you know humans traveling with a halfway caravan or you know, a dwarf traveling with like this kind of grouping of.
Timothy Sackton: You know that's relatively small party that's about equally split among different races is not super typical right but it's not like you know.
Mike Sackton: How likely, do you think it is that rumors that we've killed the river and the dragon has already reached here.
Mike Sackton: I mean we're relatively open about it in the.
Timothy Sackton: yeah almost for sure rumors have reached here.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the the you know, the message the messengers go.
Timothy Sackton: faster than you would go for sure right there they can trade mounts at these waves.
Timothy Sackton: I just you are stuck with your.
Mike Sackton: I just think we should either be truly tried to be incognito and split up and have think names and everything or we should just own up to our fame and try and use it to our advantage.
Kate: I don't.
Kate: I don't think that we will be unable to leverage it if we choose to sneak into town incognito for a couple days do some stuff and then get together.
Kate: to compare notes and yeah oh look there's the team of people who killed with burns like you know.
Mike Sackton: I I don't disagree is I just think walking up to the.
Mike Sackton: walking up just pretending like nobody's gonna notice us if we don't make any effort to be incognito I think is probably not gonna.
Mike Sackton: But I mean we pretty easy to be incognito right, we could we could have.
Mike Sackton: A half laying in and to done Mari go into town and then a solo Elf, and then to dwarves nobody would question that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine i'm fine with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I prefer incognito over over like putting a target of ourselves after what's been happening like were traumatized from getting ambushed like more than twice now.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we are targets, we are, we are walking around carrying powerful items that we do not want other people to steal from us so.
Kate: You split up I don't.
Kate: I don't know that it's a great idea for you to be alone Dallas like what if somebody ambitious, you will just sort of lose track of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's keep your book on, you have to show your years.
Kate: So he's what yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can get a return travel together, if you like, to go.
Mike Sackton: We can split up into two groups, a halfway into dwarves and.
Mike Sackton: Three humans.
Eric Rosenbaum: might be better actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think the humans, I think he being segregated groups, sadly, is probably best.
Eric Rosenbaum: away what you're saying is tall people.
and less.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I were doing sports.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see how this work.
Kate: will be come joy, the lesson very hospitality fields.
-: Before we go in.
-: To me check back in with.
-: Go beer and what's his name the head archivist who are working on research for us about various things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was like i'm saying shorts that were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that we would have done this on the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Road and then we have like some letters waiting for us in the end that we decided or a a in that we decided to.
cuckoo.
-: was thinking back through the notes to see when I could turn up on the cloak which is not much.
Mike Sackton: So it's a whole letter from sephora did you find that the whole letter about severus.
know.
Mike Sackton: it's in the handouts, I think about Dr.
-: Coming out of thin handouts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: participant handouts.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so what information are you hoping.
Timothy Sackton: This.
Timothy Sackton: You know, so you could have easily send a letter from.
Timothy Sackton: here's the it's the scroll from the token archives.
Mike Sackton: Oh right no it wasn't about severus it, this is what he was chasing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: This is the clue that he had.
Mike Sackton: So the question would be where would somebody of his something in darby.
Mike Sackton: Before the Great War.
Mike Sackton: This is before the great word know before the yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely was the great before the grave for yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but we're also looking just for any information about the cloak and I think any information about it's like a Google search like draconian Clark drank drank Korean cloak and Google search this dude severus just any information that find on either either thing.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so I mean you discussed.
Timothy Sackton: Right you just you discussed.
Timothy Sackton: service.
Timothy Sackton: Some with you know with he didn't you know, he was sort of quiet, he was so you mean you talked about there's not going to be like wreck archive you know records in the archives of some random right.
Timothy Sackton: You know cardone and scholar.
Timothy Sackton: But he he talks to.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: Not not so much go via but.
Timothy Sackton: Arden the like the sort of in competence chief the incompetent administrator, who is now the.
Timothy Sackton: The administrator in name only, of the archives.
Timothy Sackton: Like his impression of of.
Timothy Sackton: service, yes, was you know this kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know his older older man late late middle age like you know, a historian really first right and a bit of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, he he you know he kept cons of notes, he was sort of you know, he always traveled with like all sorts of papers and stuff he would take out as scrolls like you know make notes in the archives, but never didn't seem you know super.
Timothy Sackton: Powerful in the sense this this isn't like a high level major anything he's like really good story.
Timothy Sackton: Probably a pretty good scholar right right and obviously somebody who.
Timothy Sackton: is willing to travel alone, but where he was traveling was never as far as everything you know of his route was that he never went.
Timothy Sackton: further east then Carola so never he wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: He wasn't like going off right.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is notable that he's the only solo traveler of them.
Mike Sackton: I think we should.
Mike Sackton: We should see if he would also if we're going to try and get some research, what about what was what was what was Darbar like just before the Great War.
Mike Sackton: Right, I mean if he could find a map of DARPA.
Mike Sackton: Just move the Great War.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's good.
Mike Sackton: And said to us, or something like that, like just to even know which buildings are still standing.
-: I could work on finding that.
-: In DARPA also.
Mike Sackton: Also, that might be something we could find in DARPA.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well let's yeah and then the.
Eric Rosenbaum: drink Korean history is another large interval of time before that right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's like 600 now yeah.
Timothy Sackton: 800 years before the Great War, maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers interested in that and that level of things to like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoever is knowledgeable on on that topic.
Timothy Sackton: Right so so also I mean you would have you would have learned these things about.
Timothy Sackton: Service just from.
Timothy Sackton: talking to in fact they probably told you some of these things and just never nobody wrote it down or bumper and so that you certainly know you can certainly send a letter asking for information about this cloak.
Timothy Sackton: That is that may take more effort to find.
Timothy Sackton: Right like.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe not.
Mike Sackton: Now guys.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, this is the.
Timothy Sackton: archives here are the.
Timothy Sackton: Primary there are the religious and military history of Dunbar.
Mike Sackton: The archives.
Timothy Sackton: Where the in in Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: Right right we're asking people to search for this.
Timothy Sackton: Information primarily primarily what they have is not like tons and tons of volumes of books right large stores of badly organized letters.
Timothy Sackton: Now of course people write books about those letters people, especially on the religious side there's like lots of.
Timothy Sackton: Treaties about.
Timothy Sackton: You know treatise on X or whatever right, as you know, especially interpreting that divide well of the gods in you know the events but.
Timothy Sackton: You know this is, this is not toker is not a library that has.
Timothy Sackton: lots and lots of books on magic items and drink Korean history and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: So it's going to take some time and.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: may not turn out that much.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: what's the what's the.
Mike Sackton: I still don't know if I have a clear picture of what we're trying to do it.
Mike Sackton: In.
Eric Rosenbaum: lb novel for us.
-: Do we want to do.
-: The same thing that your donations are doing and chase down drink Korean magic items, because I put a few of the leads we discussed in chat, but it also begs the question like is that is that what we want to do here.
Mike Sackton: I mean what are our main goals here, I think our main goals are getting Joe Har on a boat safely to die hard.
Mike Sackton: yeah and ourselves finding a way north.
Mike Sackton: and ideally a way North that's not going to lead to us being you know stopped when we're crossing the two that you know the canal and arrested by cardone answers like that.
-: I think there's an argument to be made.
-: To track this stuff down, so it doesn't specifically so it doesn't fall into their hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
Though that.
-: Before our encounter with them, but we could go.
-: I would have agreed with you right like do we really care let's just move through and be on our way.
But.
-: No.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should.
Mike Sackton: Try to.
Mike Sackton: Try to so then that's a third task right get your heart safely south.
Mike Sackton: Research hunt for rumors of items in DARPA.
Mike Sackton: then find our way North again, ideally, my concern is when we go north, if you look at this map the obvious way north is passed away Maria now conquered by charting.
Mike Sackton: This canal right.
Eric Rosenbaum: On a bone.
Mike Sackton: And this canal i'm assuming is controlled by charted.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah must be.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: If there's a long way around it's very long isn't it.
Mike Sackton: Well, the long way around is to the my really gap, which is the way our friends went in the opposite direction right.
Mike Sackton: yeah or like I don't know be friend the lizard folk in this swamp years lizard folk rate.
Mike Sackton: yeah go.
Mike Sackton: river.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know i'm interested in that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or we can take the real long way circumnavigating the con con man.
Mike Sackton: Well, he starts to go past the word yeah.
Mike Sackton: We could go around this this big peninsula right out into the great open sea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or did the South.
Timothy Sackton: there's lots of things you could do.
Mike Sackton: But, but I think there's some maybe some work to do to find a way North that isn't.
Mike Sackton: Good I like completely obvious right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's worth investigating.
Eric Rosenbaum: The lizard folk.
Mike Sackton: Like there's a big this delta has a big wizard for community.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps they could help us out overland.
Timothy Sackton: Just you know I don't know what you're assuming about the abilities of casting and cadmus to communicate with chart and but unless they have something more powerful than magic's you are.
Timothy Sackton: familiar with and used to write if they're relying on sending and similar.
Timothy Sackton: You know, they may be able to get some.
Timothy Sackton: relatively simple messages, but as long as you beat them back to charge them the odds of you being under.
Timothy Sackton: Intense it's an intense hunt for you are relatively.
-: Well, what What if we get on a.
Timothy Sackton: heflin when they.
Timothy Sackton: get to chart and all bets are off.
-: If we were sailing with athletes worst comes to worst, even if the ship gets boarded we stash the four of you in the mirror.
-: or or in the whole night here and i'm just another heflin.
-: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong.
This oh.
Mike Sackton: I was just gonna say there's all these I mean obviously there's a tension between do we race North try and beat the news of ourselves, do we investigate here for a long time.
Mike Sackton: Do we.
Mike Sackton: I think we have to decide whether our goal here is to.
Mike Sackton: Get out quickly.
Mike Sackton: beat the news beat cadmus back to chart in and try and be north of chart and by the time they get back and be as incognito as possible and try and disappear.
Mike Sackton: Or whether we're going to spend two weeks hunting for the cloak and then see what happens and maybe we maybe catalyst gets back to chart it and they send their magic brain may wave they send their magic major.
Mike Sackton: powers and all of a sudden there's a ATP out us.
Eric Rosenbaum: My analysis is that we have only very weak evidence that the clock was ever even intended to get here, much less than it has been here and certainly that is here now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So searching here for the cloak does not make that much sense, in my opinion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also it's like it's like charted is like looking for items chart in has like fucking is it's like a it's like a you know really like that ya bye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bye were like bio hackers trying to make like a like a lab of kit code vaccine and they're like a fucking enterprise like you know they're like but they're not trying to you know it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're like we're going to try to out compete them at treasure hunting feels feels difficult.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the most likely thing that's going to happen is they're going to get back to chart in they're going to report that we have drink Korean items and we're going to become massive targets, and so the faster we can get to the day, while the better.
Mike Sackton: wiped away kenzo things.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a good turn you took at the end there.
Mike Sackton: was a nice twist.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm starting to think the move quickly.
Eric Rosenbaum: To stay ahead of charge and.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we have any hope of doing that make sense.
Mike Sackton: it's, not to say we can't ask around about severus and.
Mike Sackton: Foreign leader.
Eric Rosenbaum: But also, if we're going to book a ship, who knows what their schedules are it let's just try to do that as quickly as possible and use whatever time we have.
Mike Sackton: So, so that means let's.
Mike Sackton: Stay incognito let's just try and.
Mike Sackton: vanish into.
Eric Rosenbaum: two groups.
Mike Sackton: yeah we'll split up, we have the message stones.
Mike Sackton: So we can gather right.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's do it.
-: Okay, so to two other thoughts, one is, I think we should get Joe her on a ship.
Kate: as quickly as we get yeah like.
-: Today, if possible.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
-: And then to is.
-: All right, if we are still chasing the cloak The thing that strikes me right now is the letter that.
-: sparked service to come here also says, after the war, we would recover this and get it back again.
-: So.
-: it's possible that whatever was hidden during the war was recovered which yep you know you might be nothing or might mean you know that it's in Navajo right now.
Mike Sackton: hold on the items that we know about the super powerful artifacts we know about, or the sector, the ring that controls death.
Mike Sackton: In a cloak.
Mike Sackton: Right, the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah has it was yeah so.
Mike Sackton: The obvious thing, by the way, is that the orcs.
Mike Sackton: out East keep talking about how.
Mike Sackton: crash showed up in the air war God vanished.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right that's what I was saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is what.
Mike Sackton: Yes, correct right but that sounds like hiding with God.
Mike Sackton: Right graph better not have to have the three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's garages boss again.
Mike Sackton: We are now.
Eric Rosenbaum: We never figured much as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Possible Where do they have to do a chart and.
Mike Sackton: grab his boss's boss's boss, obviously.
-: We don't think brush has to cloak because we've seen the cloak and visions and grass wasn't wearing it.
-: Unless it was hidden.
Mike Sackton: What have we seen the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Visions recently.
-: we've seen it in the mirror but.
Mike Sackton: But we saw it on that Polanco that drink conan.
Mike Sackton: Who.
Mike Sackton: died long long ago right garage could have easily recovered it.
-: yeah but.
Mike Sackton: But the mirror wasn't for the cloak we were working at the sector we only incidentally saw the cloak because it was held by the same guys.
-: yeah Bruce distinctive it was like a multi color rainbow.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I see what you mean.
Mike Sackton: brush is not currently wearing the cloak because we saw brush you didn't have a multicolored yes that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right um.
Timothy Sackton: When seeker was spying on gosh she was not wearing the.
Mike Sackton: player bad right right right right.
Timothy Sackton: appallingly on was wearing in the.
Timothy Sackton: After seeing that you saw in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: I get it yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: But we don't know what as an aside.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be being familiar with maps and.
Timothy Sackton: See journeys and all of that.
Timothy Sackton: Your sense is that from from the my rainy gap.
Timothy Sackton: it's a.
Timothy Sackton: 30 to 40 day journey overland to charge them.
Timothy Sackton: From Dubai on a fast ship you're talking maybe 20 days journey to charting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the only way we go back to chart in is with a huge fucking army at our back and all three of those items that's when we go back to Charlie.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know can.
Kate: get past chairman.
Kate: If we wanted to go right past chairman.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's getting blasted.
Mike Sackton: I thought we were heading to like.
Mike Sackton: up here like up this where are the where that where are these people who worship, Brian.
Timothy Sackton: don't really know there's this guy.
Timothy Sackton: in charge, and he wrote his travelogue and it's somewhere up this river the river that chart Amazon he went.
Timothy Sackton: Up route bathroom.
Timothy Sackton: So if you don't.
Mike Sackton: go up river along that.
Timothy Sackton: ripped unless you go find nozzles.
Mike Sackton: Getting.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: Okay that's north.
Kate: Guy who used to be NASA as before the society, the scrolls smashed his mind and.
Just.
Timothy Sackton: just keep in mind like not trying to change your plans or anything anything you decide is perfectly fine as long as you stick to going to this forest, so I can start making it up, but.
Timothy Sackton: Of course, you know people in the chart and underground as well right kenzo it's not entirely impossible to sneak in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Total.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We get to we get stuck in charge right it's just like hell, a fucking dangerous insanely for us because we're now going to be headhunted by fucking charter like Okay, just to zoom out for a moment here like what.
Timothy Sackton: The hell is gone, you have.
Timothy Sackton: You have a 10 day window if while these calculations are correct.
-: We just if we.
Mike Sackton: If we move quickly what we should do is move quickly and get to chart in before they could have gotten back, nobody will particularly be working for us, I doubt rumors of us have even really recharge and we're not world is ready.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were we doing and turning in.
Mike Sackton: find this guide NASA talk to him for an hour and then get out of dodge go find the right people.
Kate: or just get off the boat there because it's convenient place to get off the boat and get up and go up the river.
Kate: Right I type in anybody.
Mike Sackton: I mean there's two things in the forest, we want to go after right, we want to delve, I would like to find the people of us all right see if they're all dead and.
Mike Sackton: we'd also like to hunt down these.
Mike Sackton: People who worship, Brian figure out what's going on there, and while we're at it that's actually not far Dallas homeland.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So just a moment again on what is our purpose, why are we here, what are we trying to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels as though there's two major sources of evil in the land at the moment there's whoever the hell is puppet master and cadmus and last Saturday open scroll within chart in who are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: extremely powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It within the most powerful city in town are protected by insanely powerful magic and people, etc, I mean that's very challenging then there's whatever the hell is going on in the East, with rush, and whoever those people are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brushes boss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they connected to the cardone and people, maybe, maybe not but it feels like there could be two distinct factions also looking for these items right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then there's us there's just us like sad pathetic small us and what the hell, are we doing, are we trying to find the items for ourselves, so that we can raise an army and then crush charted which comes as a monk, but I mean.
Mike Sackton: So are we trying to be the third grade.
-: Evil and.
Mike Sackton: The baby.
-: Can I can I suggest on this question that we go around and each person like i'd love to hear each one of us like make a pitch to the rest of the group.
-: Yes, on what to do in DARPA with the items and where to go and and Charlie where to go.
picture.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do that where's everybody out with this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can start.
Mike Sackton: kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, first of all Fuck chart In fact the chart own he ends up rush Fuck wherever the Fuck garages bosses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That all said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we really gonna take down chart in are you really going to figure out a process bosses and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They all seem really powerful and we feels like feels like we got a lot of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: work to do to be able to even approach trying to tackle whoever those people are so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like the idea of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: figuring out about these items I mean we've got one of them right we've got a very important one we're being we're going to be hunted for that soon and so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know we've already got one may as well get the other ones that keep them out of the hands of at least the other two bad guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I like the idea of trying to get these items when it's convenient for when it when it's you know in our when it's possible to learn more about these items when we get them let's try to do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But in the meantime we're not strong enough yet to take on chart in we're not strong enough yet to take on whoever garage in their bosses so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like the idea of head into the woods, I like the idea of head into the woods, I want to commute in the woods anyways.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's bunch of things to do there, we can learn more about right figure out what the hell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what these different jade shard lying around are what they have to do with anything they feel like they play a role so and we lose ourselves in the forest can be way harder for charging to find us in there, so I like the idea of going to the elves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if we can learn anything about these items along the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
-: weekend think secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: believes that the best way to to intervene in the world is by understanding it first that what we should be doing is investigating inquiring.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tinkering if necessary.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeing what the sector can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: In order to to learn learn more deeply about what's what's possible and, in particular, how everything is interconnected.
Eric Rosenbaum: The artifacts in their history.
Eric Rosenbaum: The planes and their topology.
Eric Rosenbaum: The sources of power and so forth, we have to understand that whole picture before we can know.
Eric Rosenbaum: What to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: how to go about that safely.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think he's he'd be a little skittish about confronting chart and head on.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so to the degree we have leads about where to go to find things out that's why we should go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Forest seems like the best one of those.
Eric Rosenbaum: But some drink Korean history in the place that we are now is also of interest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that.
Kate: It strikes me as interesting and probably it's all about the secrecy, but we think we know that garage has the ring.
Kate: We don't know if I didn't have the cloak like if we're talking about these three little balanced.
Kate: Power parties.
Kate: That would only be balanced of charge and already has the cloak if they're just seeking out minor stuff and so far, how they found this things on the on the level of like the ring that.
Kate: dealt with has like that's a lot of effort for nothing.
Kate: If they're connected to crush then they're connected to that PC power, so I I feel like looking for the cloak is a way to.
Kate: prevent them from getting it if they don't have it already, because that would you know but finding the sector before they did was already key.
Kate: And just keeping that out of their hands is key, like disappearing into the woods is key, because we don't know if they have to cook or not, but we know they don't have a sector and let's keep it that way.
Kate: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret finds that idea relatable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: idea what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really relatable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: relatable like.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have the thing we should stay out of sight yeah.
Kate: Because yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But also we should poke at into.
Mike Sackton: It we.
-: Does that what does that mean for where we go.
-: And what we do.
Kate: I think that the forest where people may worship price seems as good a place as any to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be.
Kate: off the beaten path, possibly gaining allies or information or you know finding new strengthen ourselves.
Kate: I need to make a case for the doors as to why I should do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Kate: Talk to some dwarfs here in.
Kate: Denmark.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: That was.
Mike Sackton: The great war, the experiences I had.
Mike Sackton: i've come to believe, where.
Mike Sackton: For a purpose and.
Mike Sackton: To show.
Mike Sackton: us all that heroes can be real and can change the world.
Mike Sackton: And it's not all great forces and unattainable.
Mike Sackton: Whatever and I think.
Mike Sackton: There must have been a reason why we found each other and why.
Mike Sackton: I survived.
Mike Sackton: And so I think there's a destiny that we should follow but.
Mike Sackton: I think it also means we're not.
Mike Sackton: I feel we're not strong enough to follow that destiny yet feels to me like the next step in the journey is to grow ourselves.
Mike Sackton: And to learn our own powers and our own capabilities and not to go confront whatever is out there in the world, until.
Mike Sackton: We are ready, it felt like the the.
Mike Sackton: werewolves were a challenge we could tackle but gosh I don't know when chart and I know we can't but I don't think that means we.
Mike Sackton: shouldn't tackle it I just think it means we need to.
Mike Sackton: go elsewhere find other find ways to learn about ourselves first, more than anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey the inward journey.
Mike Sackton: That was all about our inward journey, right now, like that.
Mike Sackton: God in.
Mike Sackton: that the fact that the Charter aliens were so possessed so hunted so sort of driven shuck shuck quite a bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all, we all die, we all must die but.
Mike Sackton: yeah it it felt like a.
Mike Sackton: unremitting unrelenting quest for power that.
Mike Sackton: should only exist on the fringes.
Mike Sackton: And is it really in the heart of civilization that that is a little terrifying.
Mike Sackton: Because I don't know it doesn't buy into the chart and is evil it's just they seem to mean.
Mike Sackton: Journalists are charting there are clearly evil forces that are trying to control charted but China is a concept does not seen evil, it seems like something has corrupted the heart of see this is where i'm going to disagree with you can set your pastoralist at heart.
Mike Sackton: A big city is not.
A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Country boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Use your fancy words Elf.
Eric Rosenbaum: To be honest, I think that there's a practical review the situation, which is that we don't know exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: In what way society that scroll has been corrupted It could be that there are factions in conflict within it, or it could be that the whole thing at its root.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: How we're going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know how we're going to really learn there's going to get up with marcella wherever they are.
Mike Sackton: i'll be.
Eric Rosenbaum: will learn more in a way that's for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the, what do you think even heard your thoughts yeah.
-: I think a few things you know I.
-: I tend to agree with Dell with that human empires rise and fall and you do what you can to stop the worst of the suffering that they cause but.
-: humans have been doing this for a long, long time.
-: What I want, most of all is to be able to roam freely and I think, as long as we have the sector, we have a target on our back.
-: And I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: We destroy sell it.
-: I think we should destroy it.
-: I want to be able to go to charleston and not worry if someone's going to murder me for a sector, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rate, how do we destroy it, this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A marvelous way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just just wait and wait.
-: In all the visions that we've seen if that's after we've only seen it used for evil.
-: We heard.
-: As much as he was an asshole can most point about that thing trying to take over and controller twist intention.
-: I know that's true because when I carried that thing it did that regularly.
-: Whenever we were in a.
-: moment or a situation or something where it could have come through there was always always always a whisper at the back of my mind That said, you could solve this and I don't trust that sort of a whisper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's three states with that sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of which is untenable we either destroy it, we use it and we're currently in the intangibles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just carrying it around.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM, what do I know that destroying something like that.
Timothy Sackton: make a.
Timothy Sackton: kind of check or history, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a natural ones.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah not bad.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's lots of stories about.
Timothy Sackton: destroying powerful magic items and it's never simple right, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Week magic can usually be destroyed, but particularly weak magic you can just cast a spell magic and make it moon Dane, and then down, while it's until it sort of.
Timothy Sackton: restarts right, but something like the heart of stone alarm.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Kate: Powerful it.
Was.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This would be the most anti climactic campaign ever if we just cast a spell magic and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just fell.
Timothy Sackton: Over you.
know.
Kate: It first we're going to practice on the fly and.
Timothy Sackton: Powerful item yeah rarely can be destroyed simply but.
Timothy Sackton: there's there's never one there's there's there's not like one generic solution that's the magic way to destroy magic right it's it's always something about.
Timothy Sackton: The item itself right so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is something we should ask, I mean you gotta be careful because it's sort of like as soon as we asked over your about it like this, or wait, can we absolutely trust on this shit yeah and and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We asked anybody if we asked him to research on us on how to destroy this after it's like does that automatically.
Timothy Sackton: Go.
Timothy Sackton: To one person kenza would automatically trust is your mentor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: True.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: let's just go find right.
Mike Sackton: He probably knows that it destroys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I definitely knows.
-: I think, also is trustworthy I don't know if you'd have an answer.
Eric Rosenbaum: But is that.
-: The head of the center's.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know who else is.
Mike Sackton: looking for a while now don't trust.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That the stone giant.
-: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Oh that's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We return his eyes and he tells us how to destroy the sector.
Mike Sackton: Actually stone giants would know that kind of crap what did I mean they know stuff like that don't think.
Mike Sackton: possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is end to the Center guy though right.
-: yeah.
Mike Sackton: question is how we're going to get his eyes back out of the society of the open scroll.
-: So I think like for will be that's that's the biggest question is with the one obligation that I still feel like on on the balance sheet of things that I have committed to that will be committed to is to return the eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are great.
-: But that clear if, like the dependency, for that is, do we need to destroy the sector first so that we can safely do that negotiation and charting.
-: Or do we not like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or to be sneak in and during the 10 days, where we're not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: always aware of us, we still the eyes, then.
-: yeah but.
-: we'll be back by now.
Mike Sackton: Full a.
Mike Sackton: ball wasn't the one with the eyes.
But she.
Eric Rosenbaum: True true cuz she doesn't know about it.
-: Just.
Timothy Sackton: go in the Tower with you.
Mike Sackton: i'll be.
-: able to go to turn, but whether we try and get the eyes there or immediately go a river first I I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I am quite taken with your idea I must.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which idea.
Mike Sackton: destroying this up.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we don't begin to know how to accomplish that we might drop it in the deep ocean and unwittingly empower so.
Mike Sackton: I hear i'm glad.
Richard.
Mike Sackton: yeah don't don't drop it in the ocean, we all know, the ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you imagine a 70 an ocean, with the sector power.
Mike Sackton: yeah no kidding.
Mike Sackton: Well, the ocean might.
Mike Sackton: Do okay with anyway.
Kate: But.
Mike Sackton: I hear a plane for me just now find the eyes returned them and ask the stone giant how to return or destroy the receptor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meanwhile we're carrying this after.
Kate: This meeting cheriton before it becomes a time it's a boiling pot of water.
Mike Sackton: So go to chart and quick.
Mike Sackton: Find find the eyes now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to make some kind of sense, do we know for sure that a giant could help us with this or I guess that's a question I might ask.
Like How likely is that mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you don't Of course you don't know anything for sure, but.
Timothy Sackton: This is certainly the kind of thing that giants.
Timothy Sackton: would be the person, you would ask.
Timothy Sackton: Right right.
Eric Rosenbaum: As opposed to say.
-: giants are.
-: yeah their own creatures with their own rules, but are basically Honorable.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
-: He wouldn't just immediately squish us and take it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah basically Honorable yeah and.
Mike Sackton: And he's also oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well we're homies we're friends and I kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: agree with him for a long time yeah good.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't he.
Mike Sackton: rum drink or basically.
Mike Sackton: yeah he's old so even more, I think he would do I mean.
Mike Sackton: If.
Eric Rosenbaum: It feels like josh is working for him.
Mike Sackton: It.
-: After himself, having been imprisoned in control.
-: Yes, centuries.
-: ooh be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An angle.
Mike Sackton: He has a motivation.
-: and destroy something.
-: yeah who the task was in control people.
Mike Sackton: Meta game, you know that to destroy the SAP job we're gonna have to go to drink or find something to drink or right, I mean, obviously.
Mike Sackton: That would be.
Mike Sackton: That would be kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like back in time.
-: So I think there's a way to do this, though I think we can do all the things we get on the fastest ship to chart and we get in there, we got a week, then we go up river and then we had se again.
Mike Sackton: yeah we could I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know and honestly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could get a sin, and my and it's true wild master in charge, and if we let if I let them know now he can start working on giving us getting as many clues, as you can about the location of the ice.
Mike Sackton: And down sounds like a plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've gotten connections in the try to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sneak in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's do.
Mike Sackton: How long would it take us to cross 1000 miles overland through on tracks wilderness.
Timothy Sackton: The gap, from where to where.
-: From say some arbitrary point up river.
Mike Sackton: To you don't miss this Tower.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a crazy.
um.
Timothy Sackton: could take some time.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: What if we went 10 miles a day would take 90 days take three months.
-: Well, part of the challenge will also be the mountains.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the weather.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could probably.
Timothy Sackton: You could probably do it in three months.
Mike Sackton: which sounds like a good journey of discovery to learn about ourselves.
-: It sounds like you could journey of discovery, to look at new places.
Mike Sackton: And if we could find a portal a wild we could skip all that and just go for bear.
-: Yes, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes.
-: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is going to be in that forest, by the way, you know is that.
Mike Sackton: Obviously, but.
Mike Sackton: The only thing i'm not sure about is whether bringing the Center to the.
Mike Sackton: failed really the best to deal with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, first we discussed.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: It might not be as bad, but that sounds more about your idea.
Mike Sackton: We can.
Mike Sackton: deal with that, when we get to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel as if, but if the real goal of our campaign is to destroy the sector, then it's not going to be a real campaign without first losing the separator in the fail, while and then having to travel through Internet dimensional shift to try to get it back right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: This is hate is going to be destroyed whoever's controlling draw, which is obviously the same person who's controlling the side of the open scroll and it's like rival Twitter I don't know anyway.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: supposed having a plan.
Mike Sackton: I think we have a plan.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: This sounds like a plan I.
Eric Rosenbaum: test out the sector, so we understand it.
Mike Sackton: Now so seeker does not get to make decisions about whether we destroy the sector.
Mike Sackton: Nor does he get to try this episode before we.
Mike Sackton: Before we destroy it there's no try there's no one day we're secret gets the saboteur just for fun before we just try it none of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: study in the hands and pumper nickel rise evil twin.
Mike Sackton: Evil twin you know right political.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow wow.
Good.
-: job as quickly as possible.
-: Either that wizard found the stuff already and has it or he didn't, in which case.
Timothy Sackton: rounds of funding and are nothing better yeah.
The we.
-: heads down get on the boat.
-: Good gun by night.
Mike Sackton: I think we try and weave yeah get.
Mike Sackton: A job.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was that.
Kate: I got to talk to some dwarves.
Mike Sackton: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Mike Sackton: You don't have to leave tonight we've just spent two hours discussing what we're gonna do but let's split up let's let some.
Mike Sackton: Stay incognito.
Mike Sackton: Well, being Quetzal have the the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: message does have.
Mike Sackton: The stones.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With sorry just just just to be clear, so after so we go to shorten we still the eyes, then after we still the eyes, we go back to you don't miss this Howard, we go to the.
Mike Sackton: We go to the forest first okay yeah so.
Eric Rosenbaum: worth noting that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beyond like trying to get on a boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: With it's very hard to predict how anything will unfold.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not working we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gonna have a plan, we have to have like the vision.
Mike Sackton: A vision we we have a vision, the vision is get the chart and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Finally, is.
Mike Sackton: Still, the eyes find the guy who knows where the right people are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: A map from him.
Mike Sackton: Yes, so up river.
Mike Sackton: Yes, talk to them find the elves find whatever else is interesting up river.
Mike Sackton: Some learning experiences.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And rise and rise Kansas gonna figure out how to plug his staff into the Internet of trees and like learn.
Mike Sackton: Exactly, and then we either travel to the a wild.
Mike Sackton: or across the spine of charted.
Mike Sackton: Back to you don't miss this Tower.
-: overland to sandbar and then headset.
Mike Sackton: Or to some bar on himself yeah we could we could cross them at while so.
Timothy Sackton: The mountain most right.
-: Yes, we can cross the mountains under the mountains.
Mike Sackton: The mountains in the giant hole that where we blew up the world last campaign, but we could.
Eric Rosenbaum: See the meantime or.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's it's currently.
Timothy Sackton: Summer it's monsoon season in Dunbar but further north at summer.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it will be sort of crossing the forest in the mountains at the in the depths of winter with this plan, but that's okay.
Timothy Sackton: You would know you would get to the you might be.
Mike Sackton: No, I think we should be.
Timothy Sackton: takes you 20 days to get the chart and you'll get to chart it.
Timothy Sackton: In in late August.
Mike Sackton: Wait is that it's already July.
Mike Sackton: yeah exactly August.
Timothy Sackton: yo yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you'll.
Mike Sackton: Be it will be miles.
Timothy Sackton: will be.
Mike Sackton: will spend the October.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you might not be able to go straight over the mountains, you might need to go under and three somebody or.
Timothy Sackton: But like seriously there's literally no point in making plans about what you're going to do, once you get to the mountains, because so much stuff is going to happen, but there's many take you many routes that could take you from the forest to I mean for all you know.
Timothy Sackton: he's Ali will have some way to teleport you back to the right portal that dealt with till that.
Mike Sackton: Day yeah.
-: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: All right, we'll be right in crushes wow.
Mike Sackton: that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's where we want to be.
Timothy Sackton: um so.
Mike Sackton: You can we could.
Mike Sackton: go on to the mountains and then go through some bar through the in the winter right and end up anyway, for now I think we're going to split up.
Mike Sackton: A group of humans, plus delis a group of you got you three the three.
Kate: hey let's tell people.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's tell people and you're going to go talk to the dwarves and then meet us somewhere in the docs is there an obvious like.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the.
Timothy Sackton: First question is, do you want to, are you looking for ships in the like.
Timothy Sackton: fancy docs or the like slummy docs right because those docs on both sides of the river, the main harbour is on the North side of the River with the city and that's where like the the old like.
Timothy Sackton: Historic port and all the commerce comes in, but of course there's a bunch of rickety old rickety new.
Timothy Sackton: Probably less well.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: easier to hide, but perhaps harder to find the ship that is fast and right so.
Mike Sackton: let's um let's take Joe Hart and get him on a ship at the Nice talks and.
Mike Sackton: use that as a way of scouting.
Mike Sackton: What it's like how expensive it is whether we see something like whether it feels like just to learn something and then we can regroup right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so and.
Timothy Sackton: seek our risen and, while we are going to the Durban quarter to check in when the messenger from phone telling her that supposed to wait and charisma and.
-: i'll scope ships also.
Mike Sackton: I mean well, we could we could be a party of four and a party have to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's fine.
-: I think i'll just go solo.
-: or low profile, you know.
Mike Sackton: yeah you could get kidnapped it's okay.
-: One well yeah.
-: I you know.
Kate: The other the whole do stuck a solo with the whole who.
Mike Sackton: has dealt with has the whole.
-: Well, the I want to see new places.
-: And going to destroy the sector.
-: And I also really, really, really want vengeance, like in a profound and very unhappy sort of a way.
Against.
-: cosmos.
-: nihilists.
-: We can that's he was death boarded but we killed him, I think that counts.
-: i'm ready to do it again.
Mike Sackton: Alright, so, so what.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to do the doors first.
Mike Sackton: Taking a bad.
Timothy Sackton: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: The so so you all you you split up.
Timothy Sackton: Before you reach the gates, and you filter into the city in three groups.
Timothy Sackton: You know, in the evening.
Timothy Sackton: fair bit of traffic going back and forth like it's pretty easy I mean there's there's doors coming and going right does a fair bit of Durban trade there's the outside the gates as a bunch of like warehouses and things there's a lot of Durban, a lot of Durban.
Timothy Sackton: metal iron and steel gets traded to DARPA and then it's made into weapons and things that are traded all over the world right, so the Durban smith's here are pretty well known um.
Timothy Sackton: So secret when you sort of slip into the crowd just kind of mingling passing through the gates and then passing through the you know, following this this ancient road that goes.
Timothy Sackton: That goes sort of so the doors open the door and quarter is.
Timothy Sackton: So, if you think of the city is like a circle with like the coast on one side and the inland and the other Jordan.
Timothy Sackton: quarter is like on the coast, but on the Northern end of the city so it's like one like the upper left corner of the city basically.
Timothy Sackton: You it's not too hard, like a lot of the construction work is kind of ending as you enter the city and so you you.
Timothy Sackton: Can it's pretty easily without having to roll or anything blend in with a bunch of the Durban masons and people who are.
Timothy Sackton: leaving this big central there's this huge market in the middle of town like it's like like the mercado central or something in Florence or and it's one of these big like European.
Timothy Sackton: enclosed markets and in the Prophet does a whole new wing that's being added to it, and so the city has hired a bunch of dwarves to manage the construction of this.
Timothy Sackton: So you kind of slip in and head towards the door and quarter.
Timothy Sackton: I assume that you would have communicated either by sending our before you left where there's some place in the Durban quarter you're supposed to meet this person.
Timothy Sackton: So you you reach.
Timothy Sackton: You reach this this borbon in to urban tavern really.
Timothy Sackton: popular with sort of after work mason crowd rights does it there's a decent crowding the tavern but you sort of you know, go in and you.
Timothy Sackton: mentioned that you're that you're looking for you know.
Timothy Sackton: You probably have to give your name right resident to.
Timothy Sackton: Because they won't be expecting you to travel incognito right but I guess you probably feel fairly safe.
Kate: going to the tavern that I was told to go to yes.
Timothy Sackton: Right right um and the.
Timothy Sackton: bar keeps barkeep, who is a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of younger Durban man with this fancy braids in his beard and cheerful quite busy sort of slinging drinks, for all the drinks and stew.
Timothy Sackton: For all the.
Timothy Sackton: kind of the post work crowd that's beginning to file and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: looks at you ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Rizwan.
Timothy Sackton: truck truck read peak and has a.
Timothy Sackton: band of hardy guards arrived.
Timothy Sackton: Three days ago.
Timothy Sackton: he's a.
Timothy Sackton: should be coming in shortly he comes in for dinner every day, if you want to justice over to there's like a sort of privately a semi private like sort of Rome often side if you.
Timothy Sackton: don't mind waiting, how should be here shortly to speak with you.
Kate: Can we take a couple of your draft since you're still with us.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sure sure.
Timothy Sackton: Are these some beers and stuff fish do but it's made in the lake Durban style just replacing the fish with like button or whatever or mushrooms, whatever traditional.
Timothy Sackton: Torben.
Timothy Sackton: it's pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: You said in you wait in.
Timothy Sackton: 15 minutes later this.
Timothy Sackton: Like middle aged ish dwarf, also a man.
Timothy Sackton: blonde beard blonde hair wearing a helmet and and chain mail back strapped to his back like you know clearly somebody who's not been used to combat but probably not as strong as you all are.
Timothy Sackton: walks over and is he.
Timothy Sackton: You you recognize.
Timothy Sackton: him he's like a distant cousin or something right you've.
Timothy Sackton: Seen seen this guy around or neat ways.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Looking over at seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Who is your companion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh i'm secret good to meet you.
Timothy Sackton: you're traveling together.
Timothy Sackton: Tonight see.
Timothy Sackton: where's he from.
Kate: North.
Kate: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Kate: you're from the northern mountains aren't you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes, I come from a place called high keep.
Timothy Sackton: a long way from home oh.
Timothy Sackton: But he's uh he's good yeah.
Kate: i'll vouch for him for sure.
Timothy Sackton: sits down and he says well.
Timothy Sackton: So, are you.
Timothy Sackton: Still up for going to chart and and trying to buy back our goods.
Kate: i've learned some things on the way that suggests that might not be the wisest course of action.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I may also have some news for you as well.
Timothy Sackton: Why don't you think it's the wisest course of action.
Kate: We interacted with some members of the church Ionian order of the open scroll who are collecting artifacts and although they're more interested in things.
Kate: Ancient drink Korean than Durban, it may be the same Organization has all of his collecting all of these items and they're.
Kate: they're not a sound mind there's some sort of malevolence in that organization.
Kate: That makes me believe that they won't be safe to to deal with in a businesslike manner.
Kate: But there's no sort of deep power.
Kate: grab underway.
Timothy Sackton: That may be.
Timothy Sackton: I trust your judgment.
Timothy Sackton: Were you aware of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Timothy Sackton: Events of North that transpired recently.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me just find this name here.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Kate: noises north of here where were up north.
Timothy Sackton: While you know the.
Timothy Sackton: group of.
Timothy Sackton: Our soldiers, led by mar grand boulder beard headed up to.
Timothy Sackton: recover what they could and trying to intercept this Charter when he ends up up in the.
Timothy Sackton: Mountains.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm afraid to hear where this is going.
Kate: yeah I do remember that that the Council had had sent out that party.
Timothy Sackton: While they are.
Timothy Sackton: returned.
Timothy Sackton: Just before I left.
Timothy Sackton: Apparently.
Timothy Sackton: They had.
Timothy Sackton: encountered some.
Timothy Sackton: group of charter unions outside near ravens hold in fact.
Timothy Sackton: six or eight of them who had been turned away by the stone born.
Timothy Sackton: tried to tried to buy.
Timothy Sackton: What they could turned away from the stone born kicked out of the mountains figured they could rob Raven told.
Timothy Sackton: Sadly, for them, I guess you got there first.
Timothy Sackton: And Margaret bolder beard got their second.
Timothy Sackton: They were trapped between some.
Timothy Sackton: crazy.
Timothy Sackton: creature of some sort I don't know what some sorcerer of the deep.
Timothy Sackton: And migrants forces and turn tail and fled.
Timothy Sackton: He then.
Timothy Sackton: defeated the.
Timothy Sackton: sorcerer of the deep underground and clear down a.
Timothy Sackton: bunch of.
Timothy Sackton: cultists some mind flare.
Timothy Sackton: buried the deep passages so nothing can can come up that way.
Timothy Sackton: came back and he said Tony and consume so tough.
Timothy Sackton: He was ready to march straight to chart in and take back what was ours.
Timothy Sackton: But the Council pod some diplomacy should be attempted first but.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe not based on what you're saying.
Kate: deca and I are part of a party of.
Kate: me, you know that i've been training that i've been in service, who are people and that I.
Kate: I am, you know able to hold my own a fight and and these folks i'm traveling with are of equal capacity and.
Kate: The number chardon ian's we faced with their spell casting ability and so forth.
Kate: We all nearly died, we had to call it a draw there um.
Kate: I think that that society has resources that run deep in it just we previously run into one or two turn ins on their own and had no problem, but I think it matters.
Kate: The circumstance of which ones, do you find.
Kate: How corrupt, they are.
Timothy Sackton: Well, older beer plot tune of 13 strong Torben word errs.
Timothy Sackton: Six charter means were no match, whatever their strength.
Timothy Sackton: Well, but I take your point.
Eric Rosenbaum: They weren't they didn't defeat the Trinity is it sounds like the curtains curtains decided to leave.
Timothy Sackton: They fled, that is true.
and
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you have any further details from the account about.
Eric Rosenbaum: features of the turtle nian people themselves.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: It was a.
Timothy Sackton: Five or six of them, mostly human this i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Catholic tackling and the lizard folk traveling with as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: intriguing.
Timothy Sackton: Older beard said they they were mercenaries.
Timothy Sackton: working for money.
Timothy Sackton: have been given a fairly large purse to purchase what they couldn't take by force, what they couldn't buy.
Timothy Sackton: Was the supposed admission, although it seemed like they hadn't used force much.
Eric Rosenbaum: Question for TIM timeline wise.
Timothy Sackton: So these events would have happened.
Timothy Sackton: A month ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is, after we are ribbons hold.
Timothy Sackton: yay yeah this sort of been when you were in Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: Or maybe even a little before that, when you're in Kerala.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this is not a party of trends across passwords.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly no.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if we have any other way to cross reference them there's no other.
Eric Rosenbaum: If they were up North there that puts them near the.
Eric Rosenbaum: tower but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who knows.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I don't I don't know what they were what their route was I I only spoke to hold a beard Margaret Bilderberg brief today.
Timothy Sackton: Because I had to travel out just very short only a day after he arrived back.
Timothy Sackton: To meet with one.
Timothy Sackton: But he.
Timothy Sackton: He was hot and bothered.
Timothy Sackton: ready to fight.
Kate: He did good work, taking.
Kate: Care of things and Raven sold and.
Kate: should be proud.
Mike Sackton: But.
Kate: There seem to be.
Kate: You know initial parties have turned to me and foot soldiers, so to speak, that they pay and use mercenaries and send out.
Kate: And then eventually get converted to.
Kate: The more corrupt and powerful and worrisome variety.
Kate: And going directly to chart and.
Kate: With depth definitely put one in.
Kate: proximity of them on dangerous variety my estimation.
Timothy Sackton: Well, this will be important news to bring back, but.
Timothy Sackton: can't just let them keep the chalice.
Timothy Sackton: diplomacy is not an option, then.
Timothy Sackton: I guess there's thievery.
Kate: Every senior.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we know about the were about the chalice.
Timothy Sackton: It was taken by Charles Tony ins to chart and.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably members of this society you're speaking of this was some months ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what taxes, an article.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was jealous.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm sorry if we already have covered this I don't remember what it does.
It is.
Timothy Sackton: guess you wouldn't know from the north when.
Timothy Sackton: When we fled.
Timothy Sackton: As you know, many of the dwarves all of the doors that live in the uw rocky mountains fled from.
Timothy Sackton: Our death, the now gone Kingdom that was.
Timothy Sackton: of which ravens hold was part during the Great War which destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: That entire kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: And when we.
Timothy Sackton: arrived in.
Timothy Sackton: The new mountains, that you mighty mountains that had been just uplifted.
Timothy Sackton: And began.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to build a home there.
Timothy Sackton: One of the first things we found.
Timothy Sackton: was a.
Timothy Sackton: While I guess you could only describe it as our room.
Timothy Sackton: Hidden inside a mountain.
Timothy Sackton: About 400 feet down.
Timothy Sackton: And sitting in that room.
Timothy Sackton: Was this.
Timothy Sackton: Child.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there were no pre existing candles in around.
Timothy Sackton: Now, and when we cracked open the walls and entered the run.
Timothy Sackton: The chalice filled with seawater.
Timothy Sackton: and water flowed out of that.
Timothy Sackton: And the voice of the.
Timothy Sackton: Horizontal spoke as one saying.
Timothy Sackton: This is where your new city will be.
Timothy Sackton: And that became the heart of our intern or.
Timothy Sackton: The chalice than was taken from foreign code or north.
Timothy Sackton: The hope being that it would be some sort of.
Timothy Sackton: beacon to help find those who have been lost.
Timothy Sackton: Because many didn't survive the journey.
Timothy Sackton: A way to bridge.
Timothy Sackton: The new kingdom the all the way to maybe find an open the tunnels.
Timothy Sackton: Use the blessing of the gods use the.
Timothy Sackton: magic of the.
Timothy Sackton: room keeper and the.
Timothy Sackton: warrior in the traveler.
Timothy Sackton: to delve deep and find any survivors that might still be.
Timothy Sackton: In those mountains.
Timothy Sackton: This was a risk, but.
Timothy Sackton: When we had to take and survivors were found the chalice never returned to burn toad are.
Timothy Sackton: And we've been searching for it, since until rumors of its.
Timothy Sackton: recovery and charmin.
Timothy Sackton: surface.
Timothy Sackton: about nine months ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what powers might possession of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret dwarf an artifact before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some other faction.
Timothy Sackton: am neither a scholar nor a priest.
Timothy Sackton: I can say it is.
Timothy Sackton: It is important to our Queen and rulers that it.
Timothy Sackton: be founded and returned because.
Timothy Sackton: While it was, it is the.
Timothy Sackton: heart of darn tired or.
Timothy Sackton: I must, the heart of our new kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: But what powers, it might have I don't know many of our artifacts or not.
Timothy Sackton: They tell stories they tell our history they're not.
Timothy Sackton: This was not a thing given to us for war, I am sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM, this way of of situated something like in a little in a bubble Chamber beneath the mountains, is that something that like dwarf and firstborn do, or is there a pattern in the world like that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean there's this what it reminds you of both of you have dwarves is of the lake.
Timothy Sackton: Part of the mountain type all the legends and stories about heard of them out right like this Chamber underground, you can only get to as part of this.
Timothy Sackton: Right vision quest to get your taste and connect with the gods it's like that sort of thing right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then send our stories.
Timothy Sackton: of actually all the Durban like you seek or would you know, there are stories, there are.
Timothy Sackton: Myths about.
Timothy Sackton: The firstborn.
Timothy Sackton: You know the word and god's picking the location of all the Torben capitals of every door but kingdom.
hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then, this is recently placed this is post Great War.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so it's a new, a recent intervention of the Durban.
Timothy Sackton: Did yes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very close to the sort of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Most sources of power, this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, you need to get it back.
Kate: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: But why see water that is puzzling itself isn't it.
Kate: Well you've already gotten Sir, please.
Eric Rosenbaum: Water yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I.
Kate: think that the.
Kate: chair donation treasure hunting.
Kate: For all things is sort of a cover.
Kate: For their particularly focused hunt, or do you think that.
Kate: there's.
Kate: Just general.
Kate: For the purposes of wealth and perhaps a little bit of legitimate scholarship.
Kate: A gathering of things and also.
Kate: Like is that you know isn't possible there's like multiple layers going on, where there are some people from chart and working on this level of just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Truly layout cover stories.
Kate: wealth and sketchy scholarship.
Kate: And then others actually know that of all the things in the world there are perhaps three.
Kate: To pick a number at random that really matter to them or my.
Eric Rosenbaum: My best guess is that the root causes lie in Chardonnay and imperialism.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: We should look to places that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Torben territory itself is threatened by chart and TIM are there places where that might be the case.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there are kingdoms there are doors and kingdoms to the west of your homeland that our border these for us if chart and ever pushed.
Timothy Sackton: That firewall that Far East, they would be bordering Torben kingdoms but they don't chart in chart and hasn't really been tempted or succeeded in.
Timothy Sackton: Settling anywhere in this huge for us right, so the boundaries of.
Timothy Sackton: The empire sort of.
Timothy Sackton: go along the edge of the forest so not in practice not close but, in theory, you could be.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's possible to think that in some oblique way they have designs on Dunbar donmar and my.
Timothy Sackton: charted.
Eric Rosenbaum: go even further afield.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, some people might think that it's not clear that much evidence that they have designs on Dunbar.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm.
Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: truck read peaks as.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I.
Timothy Sackton: I see your.
Timothy Sackton: This changes, a lot.
Kate: I don't think that the plan of your party of guards and myself are boarding a boat and sailing to chart in and having a business transaction.
Kate: And some diplomacy.
Kate: Is the best route.
Timothy Sackton: I know you've been on the road, for a long time and must want to.
Timothy Sackton: find your bed for the evening.
Timothy Sackton: But let me propose.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I better bring this news back to our header as soon as possible.
Timothy Sackton: If you are still willing or able to.
Timothy Sackton: Go to charleston and at least try and find some information.
Timothy Sackton: You can reach us by magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: and proud of.
It.
Timothy Sackton: I can, I will bring this news back to the Council on.
Timothy Sackton: We will see what they say.
Kate: I will update them with as much news as I can gather.
Timothy Sackton: If you need any.
Timothy Sackton: coin or.
Timothy Sackton: Think it's from home or anything, let us know.
Timothy Sackton: But I will leave you turn your rest and.
Timothy Sackton: Let me know you can reach me here should you need to speak with me before you leave.
Timothy Sackton: The innkeeper is trustworthy you can leave a message with me.
Kate: Where do you have rooms here and another lodging.
Timothy Sackton: I am staying with a cousin.
Timothy Sackton: close by, but there are several quality ends, if you are seeking rooms.
Timothy Sackton: can give you a recommendation.
Kate: Take you up on that.
Timothy Sackton: always stay with my cousin actually.
Timothy Sackton: So wealthy mason has a fairly large 12 year.
Timothy Sackton: If you're interested.
Timothy Sackton: In.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think a friend's home.
Eric Rosenbaum: could be a good place to stay.
Kate: You introduce us to your cousin and see if he would extend his hospitality, so far as myself and my friend seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Sure i'm sure she'd be happy to.
Timothy Sackton: Talk to read peak.
Timothy Sackton: So just in the interest of time I don't think we need to go play that and Kate you probably want to go to bed soon I don't know if you want to go to bed soon, but.
Timothy Sackton: No, I do okay.
Timothy Sackton: So we will say you go yeah travel down the road, a little bit um targa read peak is like she's like the matriarch of a big to urban mason clan.
Timothy Sackton: So she's got it she's got a fairly large the Durban quarter is a lot of it's fairly wealthy and there's a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: fairly large houses and she's got plenty of space.
Timothy Sackton: Travel has like six guards that are staying like in you know cramped into you know the outbuildings but you've got rooms for each of you.
Timothy Sackton: And so, spend the night, we will cut to.
Timothy Sackton: The other group or I guess there's two other groups right but secret, we can cut back, I can cut back to you if you want to talk to the doors more, I just want to kick go to bed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hope you feel better Kate.
Kate: Thanks i'm trying to do all the right sleeping and drinking water type things and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some zinc.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: vitamin D.
So back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Kate: Indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who knows, video things, but at least you psychological can feel that they're like you think you're doing something.
Mike Sackton: Take a placebo, I think, is what.
Timothy Sackton: God is telling you know think.
Timothy Sackton: Think I think there's actually some evidence for.
Mike Sackton: yeah data is very skeptical of these things but.
Kate: I thought she was presenting.
Mike Sackton: I told you might be prosaic.
Mike Sackton: She didn't take any she didn't take any of these things yourself, but she might be present.
Kate: I told her I heard a podcast about how vitamin C, it was legit and she said now, not the only one that's actually legit to think.
Kate: I know it's like well I the ones I have have zinc MC in them so.
Mike Sackton: It is mostly very pro bono trend and tie with all.
Right.
Kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I feel too good night thanks.
Timothy Sackton: A lot.
Kate: of you, I love him i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Tired okay so.
Timothy Sackton: Who else is up play soccer go to the human then we'll cut back and forth more frequent mason nobody has to wait quite a long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was the what was a quick synthesis of I was just taking to hear my mom so that worked out well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what just happened.
joy.
Mike Sackton: joy character, when we meet up or should we do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In character yeah yeah let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get up because i've actually had no idea what happened so.
Mike Sackton: yeah I was like going to brush my teeth and stuff so that I don't wake up there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so human.
Mike Sackton: I have.
Timothy Sackton: demons and fake humans.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um.
Mike Sackton: First of all, by the way, are any of us at all competent to disguise.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Mike Sackton: Well, is it what's that would you I mean, is it just deception.
Timothy Sackton: So I would say, I would say.
Mike Sackton: You have to be proficient in it, decide.
Timothy Sackton: This guy's kit or some so here's the thing because.
Timothy Sackton: Because our lives are so unexpected it's actually not that hard to disguise right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like just keep your head on.
Timothy Sackton: it's a little more complicated than that but, like yeah I mean you, you would look like a short particularly grateful.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't know Alice don't have to be shorter than humans actually have no idea how tall down with us, you would look like a sort of graceful if your faces and shadow at night, it really wouldn't be that hard, but I would say, I would say you don't need to make a role for just.
Timothy Sackton: casual walking along the street, but if you are trying to talk to anybody and you're not like gonna have to choose between being kind of suspiciously.
Timothy Sackton: In shadows or make a you know, try and come up with a disguise which I would say you're not proficient I would say the straight decks jack.
Mike Sackton: Dax not charisma.
Timothy Sackton: It could be charisma actually.
Timothy Sackton: But no proficiency bonus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just like just.
Timothy Sackton: walking along the streets it's not a big deal.
Timothy Sackton: So where you guys headed.
Timothy Sackton: The docks with Joe Hart.
Mike Sackton: yeah right, that was the plan head straight to the docks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah send your heart as well.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's um you know it's like an hour before sunset and there's a fair bit of of activity on the docks actually because it is.
Timothy Sackton: The tide is going out so there's a bunch of there's a number of boats that are you know, trying to set sail basically get out of the harbor again of the yesterday with the titan know probably anchor off off coast for the night.
Timothy Sackton: there's a lot of diversity of you know there's a bunch of different kinds of ships in harbor right there's cardone and merchant ships there's.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a handful of have done Mari ships there's the lorry and chips there's some half link ships.
Timothy Sackton: it's pretty bustling and active and there's you know people shouting and loading stuff there's like half lanes bustling around trying to get there, you know, whereas loaded there's.
Timothy Sackton: You know just a fair bit of activity as you make your way to the docks.
Mike Sackton: I mean dealt with all kind of just sort of hang back and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think this is a kenzo and Joe horrible will take the lead and.
Timothy Sackton: So, what are you looking for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ships.
Timothy Sackton: or there's lots of shops.
Timothy Sackton: Where you specifically I mean there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there, I mean are we i'm guessing we This is something we'd probably mapped out beforehand right like like like, but there must be I don't know if there's like a ferry service to chart in or if it's like private you know.
Mike Sackton: let's get Joe hardship first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean going going going into this like even leaving from Tokyo right like.
Timothy Sackton: There must have been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, yes i'm proud of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: So there's not there's not like a regular fairy that runs you know the the DARPA to ny a higher route right.
Timothy Sackton: Usually passengers well you know you want to book passenger.
Timothy Sackton: Ship you find somebody who's going in your direction and you pay them.
Timothy Sackton: Right so it's a question of which who do you want to.
Timothy Sackton: go there anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Marshall answers at.
All.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's a few Marty ships are not common but they're notable because all the done Marty ships have course courses as their figure happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So certain basically what what Kansas doing in a situation like this is just like kind of course high throughput Saul site like he's basically like looking for good vibes like trying to find like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trustworthy you know not sneaky looking like creepy Dudes and finding like a like a good ship that like books, I mean he's not a sailor but he's got a good read for people so he's trying to find like you know a good done Maurice ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is Joe Hart know anything about ships.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing.
Timothy Sackton: He has never been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This this would have been a good thing, well, they probably would have been a good person to have with us right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In this moment well.
-: will be some The other thing actually we can always reach out but sounds of our speeches, I was just thinking, rather than going to the docks maybe it's better like to go to the halfway traders and just.
-: They may know all this better and who's trustworthy and.
Timothy Sackton: makeup.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, make an insight check i'm Ken zone and.
Mike Sackton: we're like this is like a practice run right because Joe has not really we don't really think Joe hires going to be in that much danger, no matter what he does right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right oh my God we're all the one.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah.
Mike Sackton: I was just gonna say well well no say what happens first but.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean you're you're you're.
Timothy Sackton: You know kind of scanning along here but it's a.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't been in a bustling port like this for a long time.
Timothy Sackton: And it's just distracting.
Timothy Sackton: really what you're left with is basically just a sense of You see, you know what look there's two done Mari ships that look like they're leaving and all your sort of left with is oh that done Mari are probably.
Timothy Sackton: trustworthy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's about yeah I guess.
Timothy Sackton: what's your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess your message will message message well be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While they were at the docks were you guys.
-: I am making my way to like the.
-: stair like a.
-: Is there a care events hurry equivalent for see trade is there, like a.
-: Like towns would have a sailor's Hall, but specifically for half lanes or.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there is, I mean there's like there's like a half link in in the in the docs district that tends to be the sort of organizing point for and it's it's, this is a place that's really defined as a halfway in right there's no.
-: culture.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: um there's no like there's no even the door even the common room is the ceiling is four feet tall right like this is a place that designed so that only half lens can really be comfortable there and it's the sort of organizing point for.
Timothy Sackton: Halfway merchants hassling trade any like heflin private business that anybody wants to conduct is basically happens there.
-: Well, go in and get the lay of the land and find people.
Timothy Sackton: hold on I can't hear you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: testing.
Mike Sackton: Checking can you hear us.
-: we're saying really insightful things.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, go ahead.
-: Oh, we just solved it TIM.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over this this try this after while you're away.
Mike Sackton: good job.
-: So looking for like.
-: You know who who.
-: who's like the Sir like a boat board or a boat broker or a list of who's going where presumably like I would have the background knowledge on how to navigate the situation.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah yeah so usually like you know at this in I mean things work differently in sandbar right because there's.
Timothy Sackton: Things are just organized differently right, but you know you walk into the to the hassling in the.
Timothy Sackton: weight is a good name for a half laying in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Green leaf.
Timothy Sackton: The Green leaf um and.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's close to dinner time so it's pretty active right, but you know, basically, the way just from spending a little bit of time, you know.
Timothy Sackton: watching the scene here your background feature comes into play right you're like pick up new cultures like you get the sense the way this works is um.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's a there's a.
Timothy Sackton: log book essentially that's kept on the bar and people who are.
Timothy Sackton: You know I said it's it's basically like a you know seeking passengers type of ad board effectively so anyway so there's there's other traffic going back and forth right, not everybody has room on their ship for.
Timothy Sackton: for passengers but anybody who is seeking passengers will leave a note number of number of half length number of big people they're willing to take.
Timothy Sackton: And then you just gotta you know you can ask the innkeeper you just ask around for the name of the person or the leave the name of the ship, you can just usually you can find them at their sharp.
-: Well, well what movie options look like, I think I want to figure out what the options are and then talk with people to.
-: fairly who's trustworthy who's the fastest know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: keep a lookout for shifts or go for for jar.
-: Yes, we'll do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That thanks.
Mike Sackton: Well kenzo and Joe higher like wandering around looking at the boats i'm just going to like find like a bench or like quiet out of the way spot somewhere around the docks.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's not a lot of benches, but there's lots of like street corners, you can kind of, especially because the sun's getting low as long shadows is plenty of places, you can just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know lean into and and watch.
Mike Sackton: i'm not even really trying to hide, just like somewhere that would be unremarkable to have somebody who is just like.
Mike Sackton: Taking a break.
Timothy Sackton: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then i'm also going to just use my eyes of America to just I don't know, maybe somebody has magic, why not find out.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and then just observe right i'm just trying to see like is there anything to a the ship seem particularly busy do any of the ships seem like.
Mike Sackton: Are there up keep an eye out for anybody booking passage, especially last minute right like.
Mike Sackton: Just anything that seems interesting and maybe you know get up and stroll and we'll get a workout at the sea at some point or but just you know.
Mike Sackton: In conspicuous as much as possible.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Except for when you do your i'm an Elf dance.
Mike Sackton: every once in a while I worked on the hood.
Mike Sackton: Brett blaze my light golden eyes put my ears up.
Mike Sackton: You know dancer and.
Mike Sackton: i've been out with a sector of super powerful things she's my little black.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: suit my shadow or.
Timothy Sackton: um so.
Mike Sackton: I do that.
Timothy Sackton: I I figured so well be you are um.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: there's there is nobody leaving tonight there's no hassling ships, leaving tonight taking who are looking for passengers, although as possible, there are they just don't you know if they're leaving in the next hour they're not going to leave the message note up.
Timothy Sackton: You see, that there's there's three options.
Timothy Sackton: For half link ships that are departing within the next three days one leaving for chart and tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: One leaving for a loria.
Timothy Sackton: Which is also charting but like actually charting and versus loria.
Timothy Sackton: The day after tomorrow, and one leaving for naya Har same time day after tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: But there's not a ton of options, I mean there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's there's more coming and going all the time right like a lot of people oftentimes people won't stay in port for more than a couple days to offload goods and get new goods right.
-: All right.
-: Good and like word on the street is that all three of these options are like good fast trustworthy.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean they're all reputable handling salaries so.
Timothy Sackton: that's a solid recommendation.
-: All right, and then do we book directly with the.
Timothy Sackton: captain's presuming when the captain's.
-: All right, i'll relay that information kenza to you.
-: But I can imagine that negotiation might go a little bit better with halfway there too, so i'm each over there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect well we'll hang.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so are you.
Timothy Sackton: talking to either of the done Marty ships or are you just waiting for well being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I rolled over a critical failure on the inside check right now, so I don't know if I get to roll another one if I go talk to the ships or if it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean just when we left with Joe Har was there, what like when we're in Tokyo where they're like hey talk find this guy the docs or is it like there are these three ships or you know must have gotten old some kind of guidance about something right.
Timothy Sackton: not really it was just find a ship right, I mean the assumption, as you would find it done Mari ship, there are regular done Mari I mean you know.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody was like book on a turn Tony and merchant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right, but you know i'm just saying like if there were like oh fine this Captain or these three this.
Timothy Sackton: No, nobody in Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody, you are talking to you in Tokyo like knows the DARPA.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Port all right fine.
i'll.
Mike Sackton: Go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll go inquire i'll go find the first 10 Mari ship, I guess, I guess, your heart oh good together.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know, and these ships, they look like they're taking a bath do they look like they're taking passengers either one.
Timothy Sackton: i'm so only one of the.
Timothy Sackton: Two looks like it's taking passengers it's heading South it's heading tonight hard it's leave it tied in the next hour.
Timothy Sackton: It is so as you approach this ship on the.
Timothy Sackton: So first me is i'm standing in the like it's more you know it's an opera is pulled up on a Pier i'm sorry there's like a longbow up on the Pier the captain's just kind of standing out in the first mate has a.
Timothy Sackton: I guess it's not really a wheelbarrow would be like a sack like a decent sized sack of dirt and their captain, in the first major just talking to each other i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of quietly and about to head back out to the ship with this dirt but sees you and and kind of looks over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A kind of a weird and acknowledge and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you guys taking packs or you're headed and I are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, are you taking any passengers.
Timothy Sackton: If you're ready to go now we're leaving in the.
Timothy Sackton: With the tide in the next hour or two just need to.
Timothy Sackton: feed the figurehead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much for the fair.
Timothy Sackton: Not her what can you do.
Can you work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look at Joe has really the walking dead busy.
Timothy Sackton: And I mean issued somebody to like you know he could like men barrels are like he's a decent woodworker and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah he's a great would work or yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My friend cheers excellent move worker.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you're willing to.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, if you're willing to do some repairs on the way.
Timothy Sackton: tonight.
Timothy Sackton: 15 goals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tonight site this dude, of course, is he is he, like giving us a ride, or is this like an actual fair fair.
Timothy Sackton: it's an it's a decent it's not I mean he's not.
Timothy Sackton: While i'm making inside check again actually.
Better.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's you know.
Timothy Sackton: You have no idea what if what a good fared well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She seemed like right, you have no idea, but he.
Timothy Sackton: Your sense from him from Saul setting is he's not trying to pull a fast one on you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh good all right great what's what's your name, sir.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their.
Timothy Sackton: name is Devon.
Devon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Devon, and you leave in the in the next hour or so let me go, let me go see if we can get that gold for you and will will will be back in a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: jar kind of whatever I.
Timothy Sackton: I have a purse I can take care of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's go let's go into let's go and discuss for a minute first but we'll be back.
Timothy Sackton: Devon okay says.
Timothy Sackton: devin says just.
Timothy Sackton: Make sure you're here and half an hour because.
Timothy Sackton: Because once they said we're we're on our way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds good thanks so much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright head back to uh uh you know went over on the side and just a sidebar with Joe Hart yeah we will be will be checking in with some half links to see if there may be some shifts that they know over there, but he seemed pretty good seemed like a pretty pretty trustworthy guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you feel about it.
Timothy Sackton: To be honest, i'd be happy to be done Marty ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay what's up with her well be for a little bit, and then we can, if you're if you're happy then yeah let's get you on that boat.
Timothy Sackton: he's leaving now I just assumed not spending more time than I have to and.
Timothy Sackton: find my way around this place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I gotcha i'm on the stone, while we have are you.
-: i'm right behind you.
-: tap you on the me.
-: 10s of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got to ship here, leaving in 30 minutes seems pretty trustworthy guy done Maurice ship shahar seems to like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unless you've got a sparkling other alternative I said we got him on the boat.
-: Yes, and let me quick double check I going to ship.
-: day after tomorrow, which doesn't sound good but, but let me just quick double checked and can I go to that boat and just, no, no, what do I want to do, I want to know, like if there's any reason that.
-: This is a bad idea, like your family's think this is a terrible idea like do 50% of all you know d'amario boats on their weight and I.
Timothy Sackton: know that so yeah you could you could like pick up these rumors in the end.
Timothy Sackton: But halfway think that done Mario bit weird today they.
Timothy Sackton: Before any they don't really like ships before any ship leaves they they like feed the figurehead, with earth from the port so that they'll return.
Timothy Sackton: But they're not terrible sailors, I mean that they are coast hundreds right so very few done Marty ships go.
Timothy Sackton: Non Almost none good oh lordy I really none go to chart and basically just go up and down the coast, but it's pretty easy sailing along the coast it's not until you get south of the shrapnel that it starts to get into the stones.
Timothy Sackton: And they'll that night hires in is, at the height of navigation of the Nile river so that.
Timothy Sackton: there's a small part where somebody can transfer to a river boat or lots of people just.
Timothy Sackton: You know, right up or something.
-: Alright, that sounds good enough to me let's do it so i'll link back up with you.
-: Can zone yeah I think.
-: it's all good, I mean the happenings are better, of course, but these guys are leaving now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So looks over at johar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: did not expect the past few weeks to unfold, the way they have and sorry we almost got you kill but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hands Joe hard like a bag, full of figurines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These are for the families.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you've got you've got the you've got the purse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you know when you get to where is it where is it that he was going to it, oh he's going to give it to.
Mike Sackton: Their advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To Sarah.
Timothy Sackton: they're not the soccer soccer.
Mike Sackton: soccer soccer saka saka.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah so passes on the soccer as well and Oh, I guess, I do I have stories Their stories written down, I guess, it would be written on shawn parchment as well right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah so I hand them a hand them like a bag, with the parchment and then the figurines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, thank you for for keeping this in your care and so soccer can can take these over and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hopefully, give them back to their families.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'll see what I can do and listen kenzo I.
Timothy Sackton: Know you're heading back to chart and please briefly.
Timothy Sackton: Be careful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly us year, however many months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know how i'm still alive i've actually died, I think, at least three times so it's not a you know I appreciate the sentiment, but the likelihood you're we're going to meet again I don't know why it is honestly, the way things are going, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You try my best to stay alive and you better stay alive yeah it's more important that you do to avoid this any other conflict and donmar so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't take care of yourself now.
and
Timothy Sackton: Take this and he, like takes his like would nice like woodworking cat out of his patch in and out of his backpack and hands a tune says.
Timothy Sackton: I would be honored if these few use these tools to craft your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I you really want to give these to me.
Timothy Sackton: you've come a long way kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm and i'm nothing if persistent well, a long way to go, for I can meet up to your skill, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I appreciate the gift and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hopefully, in the next time I see you i'll have some some better skills to show you.
Timothy Sackton: Remember what bosses said when you work on the staff concentrate on what you want it to become.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's good that's wise that's wise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because it gives Joe her a big hug.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my brother until until we meet again.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I guess I better go catch my ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, some work to the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll send some i'll send some messages to the monastery once we had to get to chart in or things calm down a little bit, but probably not going to see you for a while, my friends, so take care take care and take care of all our brothers back of the monster.
Timothy Sackton: You two.
-: will be reaches up to shake Joe his hand.
-: I keep them as safe as I can I haven't done any times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've been a source of death several times, but.
Timothy Sackton: He.
-: Whatever happens to your heart, I hope it doesn't come to civil war.
Timothy Sackton: Is wow.
Timothy Sackton: wow it was an honor traveling with you.
And you began.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we meet again my friend.
Timothy Sackton: And he turns towards the the little boat to head out head out to the ship, as it begins to leave on the tide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoo.
-: Well done.
Timothy Sackton: Okay let's a secret if there's anything else you want to do with dwarves let's cut back to you, sir.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I do want to ask if anyone could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Show me around that drink Korean rooms or during their structures that I haven't ruined right there's the fortress and the walls.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the fortress in the walls are almost there's.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah i'm.
Timothy Sackton: One of the red peak.
Timothy Sackton: One of the like big red peak clan.
Timothy Sackton: let's say.
Timothy Sackton: vendome red peak.
Timothy Sackton: He is like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, one of the one of the.
Timothy Sackton: masons you know who's who's responsible for you know is you know, one of the construction workers, basically, but it's also like super interested in.
Timothy Sackton: Just the layers of history here, and he you know gives you the whole rundown about there's the.
Timothy Sackton: The wall and there's The fourth and then there was this whole drink Korean bath complex that got you know, most of the stones, there have been reused for giant there's a giant sister and where there's water that's pumped from the hinterlands so there's a big like.
Timothy Sackton: sister and of water and in the city that's like a public well and yeah like a bunch of people have built mentioned from anything going on and on about you know all the stones in the city and exactly where each one came from, and then it's like.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry yeah i'm happy to show you when it's laid out in the morning, if you'd like.
Timothy Sackton: have to be at first light because i've got to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, get to work, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I appreciate it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay harbor folks.
Timothy Sackton: Joe has gone you're standing around watching waving goodbye to him.
Timothy Sackton: What else do you want to do.
Mike Sackton: You have like a meetup spot.
Timothy Sackton: You have.
Mike Sackton: No, not really.
Timothy Sackton: not really.
-: Presumably, we arrange something.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you must have arrange something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We met at the docks we're going to be at the docks wait, well, I thought I thought, well, he was with seeker and.
Timothy Sackton: llp went I lobby went by himself.
-: Okay, so do you really think you won't see Joe horrigan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I think the likelihood that i'm going to die and state that is pretty fucking high.
-: So far you have a track record of never saying that when you die, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long does that streak in Iranian Am I really gonna roll you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2033 times in a row, you know i'm I don't know feels doesn't feel likely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean really what I think is likely to happen is i'm going to die, and then i'll you know go to the spirit world and then you know meet you guys in a while probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're just all kind of chatting away for secret arrived.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I had to go with the with the athletes.
-: Oh it's good you know it's.
-: It reminds me so much of home, you know everything's a little bit different and a half step off, but.
-: it's been so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know if we're actually going to chart and are you gonna are you gonna sales, there are we're gonna I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got all the happenings oh.
-: I found a book for us yeah so we're going to sell with athletes they leave tomorrow.
-: yeah In fact we should probably go make those arrangements.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we want to look into this coconut oil and where the secret a secret or anything, no, no, to find us here it.
-: was probably found a rock.
Mike Sackton: Somewhere go somewhere less conspicuous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or where are we, I assume we're kind of on the side someplace for like now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean the the Doc that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, basically, the shit that evening shifts that are leaving are now mostly left and so.
Timothy Sackton: The traffic on the piers themselves is basically disappearing and so you're going to be conspicuous relatively soon like.
Timothy Sackton: People aren't any sellers on chips not leaving tonight are now kind of filtering into the bars and and taverns for the night, and so you know this the sort of doc's themselves are clearing out nobody's loading ships anymore right like.
Timothy Sackton: what's going away.
Mike Sackton: let's find a quiet in with a private room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, as seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're still waiting for cigarettes cigarettes and showed up in our secret showed up yet.
Timothy Sackton: I mean seeker was with these doors, but he can leave resin can sleep there and secret can come meet you it's However, you can.
Timothy Sackton: yeah whatever you want to do.
-: Listen you in the interest of keeping our heads down you to go find a quiet in messaged me once you find it i'm gonna go arrange for passage for us in the secret that will match up there Sunday.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah I saw side my soul set our way to a you know, a quiet part of town looking for not gay people, and you know.
Mike Sackton: let's just pick one of the ins and there must be is near the dock that are more.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yeah yeah there's there's a range of ins right i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: really just options.
Mike Sackton: Go to.
Mike Sackton: Some decent working some in that looks at first glance relatively pricey and.
Mike Sackton: You know, send kenza when to ask for a you know say you're hosting a small dinner with for a couple of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just for just for just a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little little areas.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean there's like.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's a lot, a lot of the ins along the you know, on this side are a bit more rowdy but like there's a you know you you've easy to find a sort of slightly nicer in you know there's the.
Timothy Sackton: I mean plenty of like.
Mike Sackton: Really.
Timothy Sackton: margin trade right.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's plenty of places where like the sort of.
Mike Sackton: What we're looking for a place where you go to like conduct business and.
Mike Sackton: Like a back room that we could.
Timothy Sackton: Pay right.
Timothy Sackton: So those like like any of yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so we find we find one of those yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm dealt with and I post up their message to location to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To while the right.
-: Time tonight.
-: yeah check on passage.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
price.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: How many of you for view.
-: Five of us all together.
Timothy Sackton: Five of you heading to heading to charleston.
Timothy Sackton: that's uh.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: So that's going to be about.
Timothy Sackton: Once.
-: And or horses right.
Mike Sackton: In.
Mike Sackton: A dangerous wild beast.
-: No, no.
Mike Sackton: Our horses.
-: Yes, we'll get to that certain minute, but like our horses to right.
Timothy Sackton: mean every expensive to try and.
Timothy Sackton: Ship I would smoke.
Mike Sackton: Sure, we would be better off selling horses that.
Mike Sackton: buying new ones need it, but if we're going up river from chart and we don't even horses might not be helpful, but baxter's a different question.
-: Okay.
-: yeah, so this is a complicated question.
-: How long's the passage.
-: Three weeks, you.
Timothy Sackton: should be less than that.
Timothy Sackton: can go.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: You never know going through the canal.
Timothy Sackton: 18 days, if the weather holds.
-: that's not bad at all I know, the green see but i've never sailed in this part of the world, before.
-: Okay, so five of us.
Timothy Sackton: All half length.
-: One half ling to dwarves a human and Elf and.
-: really wonderful friendly up protective almost motherly act speak so so just the five of us, and then that.
-: The one.
Timothy Sackton: starts laughing ah, why did you say.
-: So.
-: So one half link than the two dwarfs the alpha and the human, you know, and yes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: What else, what do you X pigs eat.
-: They are opportunistic omnivores.
-: So while you know they're look and they're sort of you know, you would think they're carnivores, but in fact they eat almost anything that they can find.
-: So you know.
-: This guy likes bread.
-: Fruits, Vegetables cactus when we were in the desert he had a lot of cactus rabbits you know.
Timothy Sackton: They go persuasion check.
-: i've just step away for just a quick second.
-: And if you want to cut over to the infinite energy.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we'll cut over to the.
Timothy Sackton: end so seeker I assume you're you've somehow fat fighter them at the end right I don't want to deal with the complications of.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm confused about the timeline are we still in the first evening yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Or are you just staying with the doors and you're expecting I mean I assume you would have made plans to meet.
Timothy Sackton: This evening because.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just didn't discuss that earlier but.
Mike Sackton: We can just.
Eric Rosenbaum: will meet down at the docks because we we all should have seen Joe her off, but actually maybe the plan was we didn't know exactly what time that would happen so i'll arrive after that's occurred.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think you would arrive after that's occurred, but.
Mike Sackton: You can find us at the I mean, I would just say you find us at the end, however, it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right yeah that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: So while you're waiting so you arrived, while you're waiting for a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While the.
Timothy Sackton: While the who's trying here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how's your day been where's where's one.
Eric Rosenbaum: And she's she turned in for the night we found a really nice private endorphin home to Stat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, personally, I learned a little bit more about this chalice that she's after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah oh yeah that's what's up a batch is.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the hope had been to.
Eric Rosenbaum: obtain it back through sheer goodwill and diplomacy, or perhaps buy it from the donations, that seems unlikely at this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret object connected to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Two to our.
Eric Rosenbaum: divinities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the Chardonnay install it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forget that detail how did they get it.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's not entirely clear right it turned up.
Timothy Sackton: Like the dwarves took it from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh right red.
Timothy Sackton: barn told her to the mountains and that it was lost, and then it turned up in charge yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah somehow the chart and ends ended up with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it was involved in the founding of star coder and.
dishonor the women.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the founding of the dwarf and settlement that respond hails from.
Eric Rosenbaum: But clearly an artifact of.
Eric Rosenbaum: most powerful divinity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was the chalice enable its users to do is i'm assuming it's magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not all divine or magical items are simple tools.
Eric Rosenbaum: This one seemed to bless the very place beneath the mountains, where.
Eric Rosenbaum: darn toto toto has now been built.
hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: From it the sea flows, the chalice itself that is has salt water apparently coming out of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Notably, the mountains that arose in that place replace what was before the Great War and ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beyond that, I.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't know much about this thing so i'm very curious about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely the dwarfs needed back, though, that much I can say for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like the hardest chicken.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good analogy actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should ask Chris when if there's some vulnerabilities that they have without this channel this place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm actually you guys mind if we take just like a quick break i'm gonna check them out all right, my address for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just check check sheet right.
Timothy Sackton: Get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shorts.
Timothy Sackton: shorts or Mike yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Mike hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: SUP everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's Dr Schwartz.
Mike Sackton: One thing I think we should do, while we're here is liquidate some of our things for gold.
Mike Sackton: We have a ton of like random like.
Mike Sackton: gems objects are.
Mike Sackton: pendants.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think that would be more useful to us as gold Derby seems like a good place to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do that.
Mike Sackton: mean especially we're going to spend it day here.
Timothy Sackton: Well, somebody like put in a table of contents and stuff.
Mike Sackton: To the party treasure.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah look at that.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty fancy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fish worse where's the link.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Mike Sackton: I was just suggesting we liquidate some of our trade goods here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, we also have a portable.
Mike Sackton: I know, but money is more spendable then.
Timothy Sackton: right away and.
-: We get a better price in charge.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: there's some things.
Mike Sackton: I was more thinking I wasn't thinking liquidate everything it seems like getting 1000 gold.
Mike Sackton: would be a worthwhile way to spend the day.
-: yeah total shift leaves that makes sense yeah right.
Mike Sackton: And I think we can pretty easily get it, I mean I wasn't even gonna sell any of the gems I think we could probably get 1000 bullets on a single thing.
-: No right good.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: i'll go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: I was gonna say so.
Timothy Sackton: We were in the middle of negotiating your pasa.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: So that the halfway you're speaking to who is not the captain probably like a May.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: One thing.
Timothy Sackton: What can what can be the folks do can they say oh.
-: No.
-: they're actually pretty incompetent as sailors i'm a good sailor but.
-: They can do other things.
-: They can teach your crew to fight if that's valuable.
-: They can.
-: Work magic if that's valuable.
Timothy Sackton: That is often Bible.
-: they're not weather workers exactly but.
-: i'm sure there's something that they could do.
-: That would be useful.
-: ones in the Elf, I mean you don't give that every day.
-: What else What else can we do actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can fight.
-: We can turn the fight.
-: But I don't imagine, this is an especially dangerous road.
Timothy Sackton: not usually.
Timothy Sackton: Okay here's what i'll offer.
Timothy Sackton: For you.
Timothy Sackton: If you're willing to help out a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Keep the ship moving.
Timothy Sackton: For passage.
Timothy Sackton: For your companions.
Timothy Sackton: 75 gold beach.
Timothy Sackton: For the beast.
Timothy Sackton: hundred and 50.
-: Is that what's the price, you would charge for a horse.
-: So if we go on a cost per leg.
It should be 75.
-: face.
-: Less food friendlier great with children.
-: I haven't actually tested that.
Timothy Sackton: we're going with hundred and 50.
-: Give me a number all together with that as.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: there's four times 75 that's 300.
Mike Sackton: or 75.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ask if they have a contracted security.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we could replace.
-: hmm.
Mike Sackton: ask us any other passengers.
-: Oh that's both of those things.
Timothy Sackton: Security, and I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Not much to worry about now that.
Timothy Sackton: charting controls the entire never see hardly any piracy these days.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: can't say we need much in the way of security.
Timothy Sackton: Now, you must have traveled on halfway ships before we're not defenseless.
-: Yes, where I first learned to shoot.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can make them a fish for one hour a day.
Timothy Sackton: Other passengers.
-: don't see the image.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: couple other happenings booked at the moment still have a day till we'd sell so others might join, but right now, it looks like it only non half length and be your friends.
Timothy Sackton: you're gonna feed your own xp.
-: No, you said there wasn't much piracy.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you're proposing to bring your own feed for that creature.
Timothy Sackton: take it or leave it at 435.
Mike Sackton: can bring our own feed, did you tell my cook.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
-: The cooks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was actually great till you're good.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That the finest Alvin chef in the history of else he's a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The songs about him.
Mike Sackton: And we can bring our own food supplies will bring food phone passage, including the xp i'll take up no space in this cargo hold either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And trying.
-: To show the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Work board games.
-: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can provide entertainment for the crew.
-: On the other hand, I mean for 75 for five people for 18 days like even just staying in would not be like.
-: it's not a terrible price.
Mike Sackton: it's not a terrible price.
-: Oh no this is terrible Preston.
Timothy Sackton: No it's not a bad price, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely not a bad price in fact it's.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely it's definitely a bit of a deal right like.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not a spectacular deal but definitely a bit of a deal.
-: yeah.
-: i'll take it and listen i'm happy to do this in coin, but we also have a number of trade goods, especially from the Far East have done more, that you are maybe up to get a better price for then we could anyways could be mutually beneficial at least to take a look.
Mike Sackton: By the way, it's tough, I think we should sell a house and green.
Mike Sackton: Basically, everything that isn't this yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
-: But i'm agreed on the price thing concept.
-: work out the form.
Timothy Sackton: yeah come by tomorrow we.
Timothy Sackton: We leave.
Timothy Sackton: Three hours before sunset don't be late.
-: we're not trying to attract attention on our way out, I say, giving a long and significant pause.
Timothy Sackton: Give me an extra 25 gold, I can guarantee, no don halfway passengers on the ship besides your friends.
-: i'll just hand that over right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of that.
-: i'll say that.
-: it's that's wonderful and not to attract any attention on the way out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait to do web inspection.
-: You know yeah I like if there are passenger manifest sort of like.
-: I don't know what sort of things there might be but or he goes to the end and it's like hey guess who's on my ship like know that that's the sort of thing I have in mind.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
-: I will let you read the xp.
Timothy Sackton: haha.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: i'll stick questions, thank you very much.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll be you'd want to check out the ship itself at some point before paying up or no.
-: No, I trust him.
Eric Rosenbaum: A ship as a ship basically.
-: Also well views over the trust.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: nobody's gonna search our ship is really.
Timothy Sackton: we've paid the port fees.
Timothy Sackton: nobody's gonna care, who gets on board.
Timothy Sackton: If somebody is.
Timothy Sackton: watching the harbor I can't stop them from seeing things.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
-: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you're really worried.
Timothy Sackton: And you've got a next job.
Timothy Sackton: 50 gold despair.
Timothy Sackton: I can.
Timothy Sackton: pick you up river.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: boxes and crates on a little you know our longboat.
Timothy Sackton: looks like we're just loading a bit of extra cargo.
Mike Sackton: i'll be it's not worth it, why don't we just become invisible.
-: don't worry about that so much, but what about at the canal and, at the end of things.
Timothy Sackton: That could be more of an issue.
We are very.
-: very, very good at hiding.
Timothy Sackton: A canal, though.
Timothy Sackton: They will probably inspect the ship before they, let us through.
Mike Sackton: Okay, we deal with that.
Mike Sackton: She won't give us.
All right.
-: Well, maybe I can pass as a sailor.
Mike Sackton: And my friends three of the.
Mike Sackton: Four waskow in the mirror.
-: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: Inside the portable whole.
Mike Sackton: You know just fold it up in your pocket isn't seller.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: done perfect love it.
-: And baxter to.
Mike Sackton: Your in a centric innocent seller, with a weird beast.
-: Well there's room in the mirror all right, I feel good about this.
Mike Sackton: There are still seven slots in the mirror, so we can put five people in it no problem.
-: All right, good.
-: done and.
-: check on it, or whatever happens.
Timothy Sackton: we'll see you tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: Three hours before sunset don't be late.
-: All right, i'll meet up with everyone else.
Okay.
-: goddess passage heflin ship no other non hassling passengers.
-: sale tomorrow three hours before sunset don't be late.
-: 18 days 90 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: is now.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 90 days is charted.
-: yeah 1819.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy Fuck really happening.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got to Kansas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I would probably back there.
Mike Sackton: We would probably beat any word we would send.
Timothy Sackton: Word you'd sent a chart and yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, like any words that to like a so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, unless he's gonna magically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If resume and did a little.
Timothy Sackton: met the person.
-: who's gonna meet bullet, though.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: But I don't.
Mike Sackton: See I don't really trust.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike Sackton: Maybe face to face but.
Not.
-: I don't know that I would get folded like advanced warning.
Mike Sackton: But yeah.
-: If we need to be in touch with them once we get there, I mean that could be.
-: Something.
Eric Rosenbaum: um well.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna suggest we should sell some stuff.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean I how I did the green stuff the stuff and green, I think, is what we should sell it's basically everything we got from.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if there's anything there that maybe I mean we could see if the half links will give us a better price, but we can also see what price we can get before we do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are all definitively non magical yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: Correct yeah yeah I mean.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking of just wandering about in town.
Mike Sackton: posing as a.
Mike Sackton: collector who has found a set of.
Mike Sackton: items and.
sounds.
Good.
Mike Sackton: I mean how significant is I mean it is selling a.
Mike Sackton: piece of jewelry for 500 gold or whatever, a fairly significant noticeable transaction.
-: The horses to.
Mike Sackton: Yes, Oh yes, we should also sell the horses, maybe somebody else could sell the horses get kenza or somebody to sell the horses.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's I mean that's a notable transaction for sure, but like this is a pretty.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Getting 500 gold for our passage.
Mike Sackton: I mean I don't mind if if people notice I just.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to have some sort of cover story discount I don't actually think being an Elf is necessarily i'm happy for people to talk that they thought Elf right.
Mike Sackton: Right don't want to be with anybody else do that because I think the five of us is more notable.
Mike Sackton: Right oh yeah right.
Right.
Mike Sackton: And i'll have some sort of backstory asks from.
From that has nothing to do with where we.
Timothy Sackton: are okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: Any other.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you staying the night.
-: We could stay on the ship.
Mike Sackton: I was just gonna say we stand the ship.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I i'm gonna go back and stay.
Mike Sackton: You go stay with the dwarves.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna i'm gonna and just the interest of paranoia kasten visibility on kenzo and I.
Mike Sackton: And then follow you on to the ship.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: What nothing.
Timothy Sackton: follow.
Mike Sackton: No, no, not trying to hide from the captain.
Mike Sackton: or just the.
Mike Sackton: Nuts not smuggle onto the ship, no, no, the point is if anybody's watching the docs I want them to see a halfway walking onto a half length boat and.
Mike Sackton: Right and then, once we are somewhere out of eyesight on board dropping visibility and have.
Mike Sackton: Well, be introduce us.
-: I think that's a great idea, as long as you're being invisible, though I think you should follow seeker back to the end, to see if he's got a tail.
-: yeah and then meet back at the boat.
chair.
Mike Sackton: good idea.
-: I don't really expect it like I feel like we move quickly and relatively.
-: yeah but then.
Mike Sackton: I just mostly i'm thinking if somebody comes to the docks and a week and says to people who hang around the docs hey did you see a group of five people or a group of four people when Elf and.
Mike Sackton: board ship nobody's like yes good right but yeah now i'll fall i'll be back so i'll fall i'll.
Mike Sackton: Send kenzo invisible with hip with well be all see what boat it isn't that follow.
Mike Sackton: Follow seeker back invisible so like but you know back 300 paces or something and just keep an eye on.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I do have a tail.
Right.
I see anything.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: make a.
Timothy Sackton: charisma investigation check for charisma perception.
Mike Sackton: I could do charisma perception that's all.
Mike Sackton: That is plus plus plus he.
Mike Sackton: Just rolled persuasion, because it's.
Timothy Sackton: The same.
Mike Sackton: clock because i'm proficient.
Mike Sackton: In me.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So you follow secret, but you break up your little group breaks up.
Timothy Sackton: You follow seeker back to the end invisibly just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, watching her backside back to the Durban quarter just kind of watching the crowds um there's.
Timothy Sackton: You know, nobody really seems to take note of a dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: walking through town from the docks to the door and quarter right like he's.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely.
Timothy Sackton: You know behaving as people expect words to behave in darby right you don't you don't notice anybody really giving.
Timothy Sackton: him a second luck there's nobody that you see telling him.
Timothy Sackton: It all everything seems pretty aboveboard.
Mike Sackton: I will then head back to the boat.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you spend in the night um.
Timothy Sackton: Selling treasure, whose so in the morning let's see what do you want to what is what is on the docket for the morning secret is gonna get up at the crack of dawn and get a tour of the masonry.
Timothy Sackton: masonry nerd.
Timothy Sackton: Dallas gonna sell stuff well be do you have any goals to accomplish.
Timothy Sackton: Just hanging out on the ship learn the ropes.
-: yeah exactly jet baxter settled in uncomfortable.
Timothy Sackton: And I think Congress checking on his mom, so we will come back to Canada ah just going to deal with selling stuff first, because that should be pretty quick.
Timothy Sackton: So you're Basically, this is going to take you essentially the whole day.
Timothy Sackton: Right and you're gonna you just kind of wander does like there's this big market right so like it's pretty easy to find people who will sell stuff um so let me see that.
Timothy Sackton: The just.
Mike Sackton: So the two things i'm like taking sort of a persona of like some slightly eccentric Elf, who has like interested in.
Mike Sackton: Rare was like a collector of rare stuff.
Mike Sackton: Right is.
Mike Sackton: trying to get money to selling some of his collection because he's interested in a big in something more interesting.
Mike Sackton: And so i'm going to use it as an excuse us that backstory as an excuse to like.
Mike Sackton: chat people up who i'm selling this stuff to oh Is anybody, you know, are there any like.
Mike Sackton: Things that are sold, you know, is there any like.
Mike Sackton: magic items that anybody might have bought you know.
Mike Sackton: else working you know, are there any other collectors in town just.
Timothy Sackton: Right right right right right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you go through, and you know make your way.
Timothy Sackton: Around the market selling these things up.
Timothy Sackton: All up in a minute, the total worth but.
Mike Sackton: Where are we getting I mean some of these things have a wide range of total works.
Timothy Sackton: yeah because you, you are not.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know exactly how much they're worth.
Mike Sackton: Are you gonna tell us what we get for them.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I will tell you what you get for each one I just i'm I don't have my.
Mike Sackton: Your thing yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't have my double monitor setup so I have to click through a bunch of tabs to.
Timothy Sackton: to manage all this so.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just get my notes organized here.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: One other thing before.
Mike Sackton: Last night.
You are on the.
Mike Sackton: I want to show this collection to the captain.
Of the boat.
Mike Sackton: Not our whole collection, but the things we're going to sell.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Right and find out and basically asked him great like.
Mike Sackton: Basically, trying not i'm happy to go sell it and I want to sell some of it, why would he be is there anything here, basically, give them the option of first refusal.
-: yeah it's good to have two offers yeah exactly.
Mike Sackton: So, if he makes it particularly compelling price in particular if he's willing to if there's something that it feels like he's he wants to he thinks he could make a decent profit at and would take in exchange for our value or our journey i'm sort of like that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: or world like well, we could read the charge on this conversation that's.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: He is particularly impressed by the Well he spends a little bit of time looking at them and it's like.
Timothy Sackton: hold on a second any wave somebody else over in this lake.
Timothy Sackton: older woman comes over and sort of starts like hearing it everything and kind of sorting it through.
Timothy Sackton: particularly impressed with the.
Timothy Sackton: head the fancier pendants from werewolf.
Mike Sackton: The one that says holy symbol.
Timothy Sackton: The Holy sit well the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: The two bottom ones.
Timothy Sackton: That to bottom ones.
Timothy Sackton: And he says well.
Timothy Sackton: You should be able to get hundreds of gold, for each of us.
Timothy Sackton: I would take.
Timothy Sackton: I would take the moonstone.
Timothy Sackton: And maybe the iron as well, which I don't know that you're going to get a great price for here.
Timothy Sackton: And next exchange for passage.
Timothy Sackton: I think you could probably if you are lucky So those are.
Timothy Sackton: Four to 500 gold here.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: I think we could find a better.
Timothy Sackton: Even better price.
Timothy Sackton: I think if I were you I would not part with that platinum pendant for less than 750 gold.
Mike Sackton: I think it's.
Mike Sackton: Well, they had done the way you think, but I would be happy to trade, these two items for the for our passage.
-: I feel the same will need your help at the canal.
Timothy Sackton: do what I can but no promises.
Mike Sackton: He did see us come on board invisible.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you might need to try that trick again.
-: We can hide all of them, but I may need to pass as a sailor in the crew.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: you're a seller right.
-: Indeed, I am.
Timothy Sackton: find you a busy dirty job.
Timothy Sackton: twice.
Good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so do give me this passage.
-: Which is it or this or this the middle to.
Mike Sackton: The Middle to yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The iron pendant and.
Mike Sackton: not always.
Mike Sackton: So, not the super valuable.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you want to turn the rest of these into coins, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: But I don't want to sell them to him right like.
Mike Sackton: When I go in, I mean.
Mike Sackton: happy to strike up a conversation if they have any we don't need to like.
Mike Sackton: role play it through, but if there's any other.
Mike Sackton: advice about prices, I certainly will listen right.
Timothy Sackton: Right yeah most of the most of these sort of miscellaneous trade goods, you know are worth a ton right um.
Mike Sackton: I mean that's perfect, by the way, like part of the idea of picking some of the miscellaneous I want to find people who are interested in miscellany and might have heard of other people who are interested.
Timothy Sackton: Right right.
Mike Sackton: I want to stumble onto the magic item dealer who's also interested in fancy tarot cards.
Timothy Sackton: Right right right.
Mike Sackton: But i'm not trying to sell them all in one place right like i'm trying to be like right.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, the most valuable thing as the platinum pendant and that's you know.
Mike Sackton: anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the next day you sort of go through go through selling things you find somebody who's willing to offer 800 for the.
Timothy Sackton: For the pendant.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to take that price.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's sold 800 gold.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: let's see the the lake you know.
Timothy Sackton: Collection of.
Timothy Sackton: You know the boots in the end the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: Just going down to the.
Timothy Sackton: Right you basically you've got what do you got you've got.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the boots in the club, the dagger these are you know these are sort of Nice dish done Mari stuff there's there's plenty of people will make offers fruits in the market you've got somebody's offering 30 for the dagger and somebody's offering 20 for the riding boots and cloaks that.
Timothy Sackton: somebody's offering three gold for the dice.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Are you.
Timothy Sackton: So this is my.
Mike Sackton: Number yeah I think that's fine I mean I don't know tim's not really it's I assume, these are like best offers that we're getting not not necessarily selling to the first person.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah but you're not spending, you only have so much time.
Mike Sackton: Exactly yeah no that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you could probably with you know, with a few days, your senses, with a few days and with.
Timothy Sackton: You know, really sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Pushing your luck or right you could get more, but like.
Mike Sackton: That yeah i'm the scroll case, I think we are I don't this is.
Mike Sackton: Okay sounds in the scroll case that the that the.
Mike Sackton: pandemonium know this is the school, yes, this was the school case with the pandemonium scroll Is it right.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: I would just sell it, why not we've already mirror, what we are not selling the scroll just the case.
Mike Sackton: That anyone cern's, why not.
-: Is a case right.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: And we have the top i'm selling with the top.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: And again, I need a few pieces that might strike up interesting conversation with people who might have heard of severus or you know rumors of magical items and Darbar.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's that's at gold and actually the person who buys that.
Timothy Sackton: For at gold.
Timothy Sackton: You know mentions that two things one he says um.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Because you're you're sort of.
Timothy Sackton: In this persona of um you know looking for treasure right there's a ruin Palace and supposedly ruin palace in the mountains, to the north, that.
Timothy Sackton: supposed to contain lots of treasure from previous errors.
Timothy Sackton: There was a guy.
Timothy Sackton: server yes.
Timothy Sackton: Who is here.
Timothy Sackton: Months ago, maybe looking trying to hire somebody to go check it out, but uh.
Timothy Sackton: seems to attract bad luck everybody nobody has gone as come back.
Timothy Sackton: Some people say it's because it's.
Timothy Sackton: full of so many riches everybody.
Timothy Sackton: takes the golden leaves or distant shores.
Timothy Sackton: Other people say it's because it's cursed by some ancient stone God and everybody who goes terms to a statue.
Timothy Sackton: make what of it, you well, but if you're.
Timothy Sackton: interested.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't sound like my kind of place i'm at not one of those adventure types wanders into dangerous.
Mike Sackton: collector just a collector just sell some old goods here to.
Mike Sackton: see if I.
Mike Sackton: get some funds for a new purchases.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well.
Mike Sackton: If you know of anybody who's selling things from from that Palace like.
An introduction.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody is a.
Mike Sackton: But if nobody's ever returned.
Timothy Sackton: Then nobody's come back, but if you want to.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to buy stuff you should you should talk to.
Timothy Sackton: chanel and Silverstone and she is a doorman antiquities dealer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, your best bet for the purchasing of items.
Mike Sackton: Remember that name and keep going.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see the.
Timothy Sackton: tarot cards.
Timothy Sackton: You find.
Timothy Sackton: You use those actually.
Timothy Sackton: you're able to find a couple of.
Timothy Sackton: Different people who are interested them and then managed to get a little bidding war going and are able to.
Timothy Sackton: sell those for.
Timothy Sackton: To wait when they say here 2360 250 gold.
Timothy Sackton: And then let's see what's left the iron dial cells for sex, nobody is super interested in that.
Mike Sackton: And then there's the three things from the women's.
rights.
Timothy Sackton: Which don't know what and the horses.
Mike Sackton: Oh, and the horses, but.
Timothy Sackton: Who is selling the horse.
Mike Sackton: Not delis not selling the horses somebody else needs.
-: I think kenzo should so.
Mike Sackton: I think ken's he gets.
-: He was like a.
Mike Sackton: Are we going to bypass this side quest, I guess, we are.
-: we'll we'll test it on.
Mike Sackton: we'll talk in a minute we'll discuss it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah let's see the stuff from the women's wear.
Timothy Sackton: How much is that worth.
Timothy Sackton: So the the Turquoise is quite small but well.
Timothy Sackton: You know well polished and i'm well.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like well cut and stuff so that sounds for.
Timothy Sackton: 70 gold.
Timothy Sackton: Despite it small size.
Timothy Sackton: And the saddle as well, is very nicely made, even though it's you know, not the fanciest thing in the world and that sells for.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: 40 gold.
Timothy Sackton: And then the bracelet.
Timothy Sackton: The bracelet when you go to sell it the the merchant you're selling it to like you know presses nine is like this is.
Timothy Sackton: Just gold leaf not actually gold says i'll give you eight gold for it.
Mike Sackton: alright.
Mike Sackton: I assume he's not lying I can verify.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can verify that he's not lying.
Timothy Sackton: And I think that's.
that's it right.
Timothy Sackton: And you do actually you know so from.
Timothy Sackton: come from.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody else you also hear.
Timothy Sackton: You know the rumor of this this Palace and and.
Timothy Sackton: This person says that it's.
Timothy Sackton: All the treasure there is from before Dunbar and it was a temple, and the reason why nobody's ever come back is because.
Timothy Sackton: The people who go are cursed by the dead god's.
-: done Murray temple.
Timothy Sackton: know a pre like.
Mike Sackton: Pre pre done married.
Timothy Sackton: 10 pre done mark temple it's it's the.
Timothy Sackton: Last curse of people that Denmark, Denmark, a slot.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to ask if anybody's.
Mike Sackton: All just like perk up with curiosity asked if he's heard if anybody's like successfully hired anybody to go there.
Timothy Sackton: know the.
Timothy Sackton: Service tried, but then he died interesting loria sell off a little while ago to to go scout.
Timothy Sackton: Some rumors of a treasure hard there.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Nobody nobody picked nobody took him up on his offer to go.
Timothy Sackton: On this place.
Mike Sackton: Do you know how much he was asking.
Mike Sackton: just trying to see what a price might be if I was trying.
Timothy Sackton: To think it was.
Timothy Sackton: Something like.
Timothy Sackton: 400 golds plus.
Timothy Sackton: Any.
Timothy Sackton: Any done Mari or later treasure found could be kept but anything drain Korean and earlier.
Timothy Sackton: would be given to serve yes.
Mike Sackton: You asked you said you know when he left town.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know when exactly a while ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: But see if he could find out what room are shoes Jason.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm aware yeah you say I have never been there is that a interesting place for a collector to go.
Mike Sackton: into you know why he went.
Mike Sackton: Alright, more.
Timothy Sackton: I would talk to her.
Timothy Sackton: He was talking to.
Timothy Sackton: name the bookseller from charleston.
Timothy Sackton: albus.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know myself what the word in there, but there's lots in the lorry, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: interesting.
Timothy Sackton: certainly different from here, although I don't know what's.
Timothy Sackton: Really, if you're looking for.
Timothy Sackton: The real treasure and you should have.
Timothy Sackton: You know, unique stock, you should you should head further south, you should head to the island.
Timothy Sackton: South of the loria.
Mike Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: there's who knows what still lingering there in chardon housing.
Timothy Sackton: conquered those yet so.
Mike Sackton: it's a bit i'm.
A.
Mike Sackton: bit sounds a bit dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah I.
Timothy Sackton: hire a guard, but I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Look at what you're selling I know i'm not the only one you've talked to.
Timothy Sackton: That kind of cash you could.
Timothy Sackton: Practically charter or shipping mercenary company to.
Timothy Sackton: Take you there and.
Timothy Sackton: hunt down some whatever might be there.
Mike Sackton: very interesting idea I was planning on heading tonight hard next but.
Maybe i'll change course.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: ny higher and then maybe visit the dwarves and the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: He wants to buy anything done Bari.
Timothy Sackton: good place to go.
Mike Sackton: I do have an interest in some done Mari collections and collecting some Denmark things yes.
Mike Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: The you know anything about these i'm.
Mike Sackton: run into them a few times.
Mike Sackton: The the scroll the society of the book society of the scroll keepers not quite sure, but they seem to be collectors as well.
Mike Sackton: Maybe a different slightly different name.
Timothy Sackton: For donations.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like your persuasion check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys i'm really sorry my mom is like in a very, very bad such stay right now, like she's like trying to hurt herself and stuff it's actually very scary i'm going to be a little cannot touch the not not here for a bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just doing something together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guys are proceeding without me anyway.
Timothy Sackton: So just.
Timothy Sackton: enter so.
-: It says oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah do you think it's fine.
Mike Sackton: yeah we got it.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I think.
Timothy Sackton: Service was part of some kind of.
Timothy Sackton: charting collectors group.
Timothy Sackton: Society of the scroll.
Timothy Sackton: That what you're talking about.
Mike Sackton: Maybe yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He wasn't you didn't have much to sell.
Timothy Sackton: is looking to buy but interested in magic not not this kind of stuff.
Mike Sackton: yeah they're hoarders as far as I can tell.
Mike Sackton: never seem to want to sell.
Timothy Sackton: Well, maybe, if you go to charmin.
Mike Sackton: i've been to charted.
Timothy Sackton: Not for me i've never been there.
Timothy Sackton: someday I be.
Mike Sackton: It i'm.
Mike Sackton: Not my favorite place.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, it's been nice talking to you.
Mike Sackton: Know certainly i'm heatwave, so I have two names albus and.
Timothy Sackton: All of us, as the Charter nian bookseller and.
Mike Sackton: That were fooled by the magic bad integrity dealer.
Timothy Sackton: The integrity is dorf dealer is.
Timothy Sackton: The Netherlands Silverstone.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to think back up before.
Mike Sackton: Like i'll come back to the boat i'll cast a disability again.
Timothy Sackton: and come back to again.
Mike Sackton: Have like tea, I want to save some time right do we, I mean presumably we have enough time before the boat sails to go talk to these people quickly or do I have to do like right now.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's taken you most of the day to sell all this stuff you have you know you have maybe.
Timothy Sackton: An hour to.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really have time to go back to.
Timothy Sackton: You could have taken us, you could have.
Mike Sackton: A stone that's reason.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to message them back and tell everybody about these about everything i've just learned.
Mike Sackton: Do you think we should think I should go talk to these two people.
-: You should you should go quick.
yep.
Mike Sackton: Selling off to the islands, South Korea, sounds.
Mike Sackton: interesting.
-: It sounds amazing going to this temple sounds amazing.
-: But i'm also mindful that if we want to go to charleston our window is.
-: If an awfully small.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your true.
Mike Sackton: seekers journal side quests for later.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep Nice.
Mike Sackton: Good um.
Mike Sackton: I will go start with albus.
Mike Sackton: Okay same persona curious about.
Mike Sackton: antiquities.
Mike Sackton: asked him wait well i'm losing track of exactly what somebody told me about our best because.
Timothy Sackton: Service talk to them.
Timothy Sackton: He was the one who supposedly sense, yes.
Mike Sackton: But you know the other thing i'm gonna do is i'm gonna see if he's interested in buying the lyrics of a new age, I mean actually that's my excuse we're going to talk to him.
Mike Sackton: we're exhibit new age.
Mike Sackton: My book of Elvis poetry i'm going to say I heard his name from somebody else in the market.
Mike Sackton: And I hadn't thought that there was anybody in this town who'd be interested in a book of poetry, but I heard, he was from charting and cardone and they're sophisticated and i'm curious if you'd be interested.
Timothy Sackton: In making a deception.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: very interesting, yes I I would be interested in purchasing that.
Timothy Sackton: If you are selling.
Mike Sackton: I mean i'll make small talk I like.
Mike Sackton: work up to it be like yeah baby i'm selling I don't know what's you know what's our vision i'm sort of.
Mike Sackton: A trade, you know it's it's but i'm sort of interested i've heard these rumors about these islands south of a worry and i'm trying to.
Mike Sackton: raise funds because i'm interested in collecting things and try and work, the conversation around to, are there any other collectors that you've heard of.
Mike Sackton: And then eventually agreed to sell or at least two here as.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's always people coming and going.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: marissa south of a lorry is not one i've heard much traffic to.
Timothy Sackton: Those various rumors.
Timothy Sackton: give you a.
Timothy Sackton: 220 gold for that book.
Mike Sackton: agree to that.
Timothy Sackton: wow yes okay.
Timothy Sackton: very pleased.
Mike Sackton: Would you happen to know anybody who might have.
Mike Sackton: equipped and expedition or would would know who to talk to about equipping an expedition.
Mike Sackton: might not be your area, of course, but I always want to like to ask Tony ins questions they're.
Mike Sackton: Often know surprising things.
Timothy Sackton: I know lots of people.
Timothy Sackton: Would you like to buy some information.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Basically.
Mike Sackton: How far.
Mike Sackton: Who I talked to if I wanted to equip an expedition to go on a treasure on a warrior the island cell phone.
Timothy Sackton: And is anybody anybody yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He thought wow.
Timothy Sackton: You must have.
Timothy Sackton: you've been around for a while, you must know how to hire mercenaries.
Timothy Sackton: So anyone beat you to it now that's a bit more interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you get this book.
Mike Sackton: In my family for some time.
Timothy Sackton: Really.
Mike Sackton: don't know where it came from before that.
Mike Sackton: It is old.
flips.
Timothy Sackton: not seem to have been.
Timothy Sackton: Much read.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it was display.
Mike Sackton: i've actually done with has actually read it a fair bit.
Mike Sackton: I mean he's definitely read it through, I mean it it wouldn't be like much but.
Mike Sackton: Yes, no not.
Mike Sackton: My.
Mike Sackton: I am the only one in my family with much interested such frivolity is these poems.
Mike Sackton: Others are more.
Timothy Sackton: Making deceptions.
Mike Sackton: like an old badly.
Mike Sackton: Terrible.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: What is it you wanted to know.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, yes, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Several folks.
Timothy Sackton: Just.
Timothy Sackton: Three four weeks ago there was a.
Timothy Sackton: group of.
Timothy Sackton: forget their names.
Timothy Sackton: Mari mercenaries hired by.
Timothy Sackton: One of the.
Timothy Sackton: m don't have tons of names and.
Timothy Sackton: wanted to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there was a lot of trade and well, not so much traders.
Timothy Sackton: reclamation of.
Timothy Sackton: traders and.
Timothy Sackton: back and forth between Dunbar and Maria and.
Timothy Sackton: Now that.
Timothy Sackton: it's a bit of a.
Timothy Sackton: Safer port with the Chardonnay and conquest there's been.
Timothy Sackton: Some gun barring gone to try and.
Timothy Sackton: see what they can buy.
Timothy Sackton: so few sent by a.
Timothy Sackton: Good.
Timothy Sackton: One of the priests recently to go.
Timothy Sackton: see if they could.
Timothy Sackton: see if there was any religious artifacts that they could purchase in Florida.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps taken in the time after the great war.
Mike Sackton: i'm not gonna spend a ton of time talk to this guy.
Mike Sackton: And I feel like we're at a little thing grab that don't want to push them on sephora or anything like that, if he doesn't offer anything up more interesting than that i'll kind of shrug like that's not that interesting, but if he doesn't offer anything more interesting.
Timothy Sackton: you're also running low on time to catch the boat yes.
Mike Sackton: I will ask him if he has any travelogues.
Mike Sackton: i'll tell them interested in travelogues.
-: maps to.
Mike Sackton: maps maps and travelogues.
Timothy Sackton: i've got a few.
Timothy Sackton: travelogues where.
Mike Sackton: anywhere really.
Timothy Sackton: got.
Timothy Sackton: It particular cell right now.
Timothy Sackton: One is a.
Timothy Sackton: seller, who traveled around the green see.
Timothy Sackton: Written maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 50 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: So the copy of course.
Timothy Sackton: The other.
Timothy Sackton: don't think he was a sailor guess you'd call him an explorer who wrote about the.
Timothy Sackton: Events in particularly the malware peninsula.
Timothy Sackton: seem to have a fascination with dragons and there was some rumors of a.
Timothy Sackton: dragon that was killed there some time ago.
Timothy Sackton: He went looking for the.
Timothy Sackton: battle.
Mike Sackton: We have to, we have to run that one shot sometime.
Timothy Sackton: unexplored mauer peninsula little bit it's a difficult place to.
Timothy Sackton: Find writings of i'm not sure how literate the people who live there are.
Mike Sackton: Did you have any maps.
Mike Sackton: Particularly have.
A word yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But sadly not my specialty.
Mike Sackton: i'm not gonna buy you as travelogues oh i'll peruse them for a minute for for some for.
For realism and then move on.
Mike Sackton: I want to take a few minutes just go talk to this dwarf, but.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah you've got like maybe 15 minutes Max before you miss the boat.
Mike Sackton: worth talking to the dwarf.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm gonna go talk to the dwarf very quickly.
Mike Sackton: And just ask if.
How much do we trust towards.
Mike Sackton: Just be upfront.
Mike Sackton: Has anybody come here, trying to force you to sell things.
Mike Sackton: As really sound like resumes to talk to.
Mike Sackton: Can we do that instead.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can send resumes knocked the door she'll tell you what happens next session.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's fine and then i'll cast and visibility go back to the book.
Mike Sackton: I find it convenient spot because.
-: We have to deal with the horse sale also.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I mean presumably TIM can just tell us how much you paid for so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah horses.
Timothy Sackton: How much on horses worth.
Mike Sackton: A horse in the end.
Timothy Sackton: you're selling four horses.
Mike Sackton: has a cost of draft horse riding horses 75.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that um I think you could probably given you're selling on a timeline and you know.
Timothy Sackton: not particularly amazingly high quality horses, I mean they're fine horses not not super special I think you get 200 gold for them.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: Now we're like we have no money or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No money.
Mike Sackton: We have economy we just got 2000 gold.
Mike Sackton: And for side quests that we're skipping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Side quests.
Mike Sackton: Quick recap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know, we know that the side quest is the Midwest.
Mike Sackton: I doubt doubt with water, I did talk to all these people as the sort of this stuff.
Mike Sackton: there's apparently a ruined temple.
Mike Sackton: North of DARPA that has been around since before Dunbar and everybody who goes there either turns to stone we get so rich they never come back.
Mike Sackton: And severus are crazy open scroll guy tried to hire a group of mercenaries to go there for 400 gold each couldn't get any takers because everybody turns to stone who goes there and but he thought there was something worthwhile there, and he walked for a warrior a few weeks ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A few weeks ago.
Mike Sackton: or not a few weeks ago, or a few recently right like I don't know how long ago was.
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't nobody really sad, it was.
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't like three months ago it wasn't last week it was like in the last month.
Mike Sackton: yeah a couple weeks ago he left her award.
Mike Sackton: Also, one of the guys I dealt with with selling stuff to said, really, if you want to go to treasure treasure.
Mike Sackton: Go to the weird island south of warrior that have not really there like.
Mike Sackton: Strange stuff happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: And when they're not really turned in and they're not under.
Mike Sackton: Any and rule yet it's like we're all the people from a warrior glad you didn't want to be turned on ian's like the new rebel army, but they're all weird.
Mike Sackton: Wait i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why does our people, we should we shouldn't go there and like don't let them.
Timothy Sackton: that's our business operations that the real truth comes out kenzo just really wants to raise an army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I i've been pretty explicit about it.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's not like a secret.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The truth comes out like i've been i've been saying it every session, that the only way to go, partners with an army at our backs and the three items.
Mike Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: hey well at the moment, you are all meeting at the Doc.
Timothy Sackton: Oh so you're gonna learn about the history news right.
Timothy Sackton: um and stonework.
Mike Sackton: Dallas has also been casting and visibility anytime any of you.
Mike Sackton: seeker are dealt with goes on or off the boat on the theory that it would be better if.
Mike Sackton: If anybody who's watching the docs thought that the only person on the boat was a half.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice wait so we're on the boat already.
Mike Sackton: yeah while we spent the night of the book.
Timothy Sackton: wow you can.
Timothy Sackton: End it according to do you have a different.
Timothy Sackton: If there's anything you want to do in town, although kenza was also responsible for selling horses, which takes up most of the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, you guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got I got it like this, I just pop in and check i'm gonna go.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean we're basically I think we're wrapping up.
Mike Sackton: Okay yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I.
Mike Sackton: would like to go to bed actually.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'd like to go to bed too well, and you know I think well and I want to make sure our secret gets is weird history knowledge.
Timothy Sackton: But um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait but really quickly we're not doing any of those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, things we're not going to go to the temple we're also not going to go to the weird rebel island.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But like.
Mike Sackton: will start next session on the boat one hour before the boat sails and we can decide to abandon the boat and go to the weird temple if we want, but like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, Tim needs to know in advance, so he can prepare.
Well, the.
Timothy Sackton: templates already made up, I thought you were actually.
Mike Sackton: Of course we shouldn't do it that will come back to it will come back to it.
-: yeah The thing is, like our our window and charting before CAD mostly crew get.
-: There is like so narrow it's like a week or 10 days or something of.
Eric Rosenbaum: That that.
Timothy Sackton: The club can be basically got to choose between weird temple and beating canvas charge.
-: But the cloak almost certainly isn't at the temple because the temple is pre done Mari and the cloak was in Denmark control when it was being moved around so it seems unlikely that the dunmurry would have stash to the nun done Mari location.
Mike Sackton: Probably severus ran off to war yeah never haven't found anything from the temp now.
Okay okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the one thing I do appreciate about this, though, is that we are now making the main quest the ultimate side quest which was getting that the storm dragons eyes back so.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fact that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, so the fact that the side quest is the main quests.
Mike Sackton: main quest is to get this term clients eyes back and destroy the magical artifacts TIM gave us, which is not, I think the intended.
request.
Mike Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Anything can be a main class that's what's good.
Mike Sackton: And it's probably not realistic to like try and catch up to the boat if we abandoned the.
Mike Sackton: Do they sell at night.
Timothy Sackton: Leaving with the tide.
Mike Sackton: yeah I know, but they sell at night.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Early not a ton.
Mike Sackton: Could we like.
Mike Sackton: Yes, do you something suicidally stupid and go to the creepy temple in the middle of the night and then catch up with the.
-: junior if we had a flying beast.
-: Emphasis on a fly in beast.
Timothy Sackton: The creepy temple is not like right outside the.
Timothy Sackton: door by it's like a several day jerk.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so all right.
Timothy Sackton: So now you can't if you go to the creepy temple.
Timothy Sackton: yeah catch up with the button.
Mike Sackton: got it.
-: If we go to this creepy temple we don't have our lead in charge.
Mike Sackton: I think we stand to the plan, we had a plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy Fuck we're actually going to go and try.
Mike Sackton: Again stick to the plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't you guys think though that getting the eyes is gonna be really hard but don't you think the storm giant eyes or it's not like just going to be in some casual.
Mike Sackton: thing it's going to meet somebody yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guardians like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know we're like bunch of bunch of fifth level is for seventh or eighth.
Timothy Sackton: Eighth level.
Mike Sackton: What pretty strong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can really do you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: break into the society do.
Mike Sackton: We could we could totally do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This after I met with us.
Timothy Sackton: You might have a lot when you read charted.
Mike Sackton: yeah well, we could do it.
Mike Sackton: it'll be good we'll do it.
-: I think what.
Mike Sackton: What I actually want to do.
Mike Sackton: If it goes to these strange islands and raise an army.
Mike Sackton: But.
-: I think there's zero chance of actually getting the storm giant size, when we go to charleston but perhaps we can find.
-: We can confirm whether or not they exist there and we can figure out what it would take to get them and that's progress yeah but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the likelihood of that versus losing this.
-: sector and getting caught 100%.
Mike Sackton: No will be fine we are capable heroes who will solve our problems will be fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys discuss i'll be back.
Mike Sackton: Okay, we I gotta go, I mean if we want to wrap up let's.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if you want to do that now or later, but.
Timothy Sackton: i'm happy to do that now or later whenever you want.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm pretty tired to it and.
Timothy Sackton: let's let's do it let's do it before next session.
-: Another advantage of living colorado's it's two hours earlier so.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's.
-: All lived out here, we could play for like another two hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not entirely sure that that works yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what.
Timothy Sackton: I think we're I think we're gonna we're all the east coast, people are tired so we're planning on we're stopping here but.
Mike Sackton: we're sticking to the plan right like everybody's okay sticking to the plan, nobody wants to go off on a crazy side quest.
Eric Rosenbaum: mean the ship is going to sink so whatever happens next actually is not related to our plan anyway.
-: Right in fairness, I don't think it's that we're sticking to plan because it's a really good plan as much as there's a deadline attached to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly I like the sense of urgency there yet.
Mike Sackton: let's let the sense of urgency drive us to chart and before don't you want to beat what's his name to chart in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Had most.
Mike Sackton: Most we want to get there before.
-: So we can set a trap and kill them I.
Mike Sackton: i'm tempted honestly.
Mike Sackton: Quite tempted.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do have a sort of personal vendetta thing now that we didn't have before but.
Mike Sackton: If we get on the boat to go to chart in then.
Mike Sackton: I don't probably sync or be attacked by cosmos or who knows what a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No money.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I put the likelihood that one or all of us gets captured in charting like very high right it's like really likely we're gonna get we're gonna get caught.
Mike Sackton: let's see let's just find out.
Eric Rosenbaum: or lizard folk pirates or lauren pirates or.
-: loser foot parents will be amazing actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What but this just just this just for a minute here like we're bringing the Center of power to chart and we're like bringing it to chart and we're like we're like going there with it and bringing it there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For for the for the people that really want the thing that they they're sending people all around the world and we're gonna go there.
Eric Rosenbaum: With there are.
Timothy Sackton: You already spent two hours discussing that.
We.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were I mean to say.
Mike Sackton: That we have a side quests we could do instead.
Mike Sackton: Instead of no idea what we do it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we should do when we get there, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we should take the part, we should like hide the fucking sad or someplace like Ruby code before like outside of the city or something I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just feel like it just feels like really dumb right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But to let go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The place when we make the decision to stay on the boat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're gonna go i'm gonna go I want the child is, I think the giant eyes are great I think that the weird the weird forces great right people in the woods is great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: portal fifth i'm just saying like once we get closer to We should like, or maybe we keep the keep the portable hole in the boat or something you know just like to eat yeah we don't bring the sector into the city you don't even maybe.
Mike Sackton: we'll figure it out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay Okay, we figured out we'll figure.
Mike Sackton: it out.
Timothy Sackton: yeah all next session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we haven't we haven't next session Thursday 26th.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes.